Posted: January 20, 2022
booted into a lobby and saw my address in the chat, this game makes me feel safe
Posted: July 13, 2023
Best loading screen simulator since 2013.
Posted: June 27, 2021
GTA Online is the proof that world peace cannot be achieved.

Posted: August 9, 2021
It takes 10859 hours to get all the achievements in the game. It is still a good game though. I recommend it, and GTA 6 when it releases. I wish you all the best. Boop.
Posted: October 3, 2021
Most milked game ever in human history.
Posted: October 11, 2020
2/3 of my play hours is loading time.
Posted: August 21, 2023
Got into online and saw my IP address, ISP, and location in the chat. I really feel like I'm at home
Posted: December 26, 2021
Rockstar's cow, milking it for 8+ years now
Posted: April 21, 2018
After more than 1000 hours, 3 shark cards invested, no mod, or exploit used ever I was banned, account reset, everything lost, no explanation given, ticket closed by support: " banning decisions are final and may not be appealed"
Grand theft indeed, of your time and money.
Posted: December 16, 2020
I just passed the 2000h playtime. So, I decided to write a review in brief.
Fun game but damn, it has a cancer Community like a shet.
If you want to enjoy this game with friends, make a private session. So, no any level +1000 kid who thinks hes Thanos and annoy you. Have Fun!
Posted: May 9, 2022
Yee yee ass haircut
Posted: February 27, 2022
Highly recommend for young children to learn manners, respect for others, sharing, and to be a good citizen
Posted: August 1, 2019
GTA V singleplayer
100% fun
GTA V online
40% loading screens
20% actually playing
20% players leaving heists
20% "network error" (potato servers)
Posted: February 28
GTA radio is better than actual radio.
Change my mind.
Posted: March 2, 2021
i ran over a person
Posted: July 27, 2021
GTA Online is the proof that world peace cannot be achieved.
Posted: June 13, 2023
Newest update removed ~180 cars from the game. Half of the update is unavailable on PC. Newest missions are near impossible for solo play. Easily the worst update to GTA online ever. Takes away more content than it adds.
Posted: April 21, 2019
Don't. Buy. Shark Cards.
Posted: July 9, 2018
I've been playing this game for 3 years, never modded, glitched, hacked, etc. Still got banned for God knows why.
Tried Rockstar's support and all I got were automatic responses saying "All GTA Online suspension and banning decisions are final and may not be appealed" and "In addition to being suspended, all GTA Online characters, progress and inventory on PC will be reset".
So basically it doesn't matter if you play fair and honest, if theirs stupid anti-cheat go full ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and ban you, there's NOTHING you can do about it. All your progress and time invested is simply gone.
Don't get me wrong, the game IS fun, but Rockstar's lack of support and care for the community is simply DISGUSTING.
Posted: January 29, 2022
Modders have ruined GTA Online in every way imaginable.
Things you should expect while playing online:
*Having your IP address and location stolen
*Having your name used to be blamed for blowing up entire lobbies
*Having your name used to say anything without restriction in chat
*Broken lobbies from injected scripts
*Kicked from becoming MC/CEO for almost an hour
*Getting ejected from your own aircraft and vehicles
*Have all weapons taken away
*Be put into bad sport lobbies for weeks
*Getting locked into cages or stuck in place unable to move
*Getting blown up repeatedly with an explosion loop
*Have irremovable campfires spawned on your player model
*Have a bunch of clones spawned on you
*Have objects spawned into the world that will only disappear by restarting the game
*Attacked by players with ESP, aimbot, and godmode
*Sent back to single player or crashed game for reporting modders, which they block from ever going through
*Be stalked by undetectable modders that follow you when changing lobbies to crash your game
*Getting stuck loading into lobbies indefinitely
*Have your cargo remotely blown up at any given time
Rockstar support won't help you with any of this, if you can even get their website to submit a ticket, they will direct you to verify file integrity every single time.
Posted: June 22, 2023
make sure your mom doesn't go in your room when you're at the strip club
10/10
Posted: June 25, 2017
GTA V pre purchase $69.99
Megalodon Shark card $100
Megalodon Shark card $100
866hrs played
Banned from GTA V Online for using single player mods.
Thanks Take-Two, thanks Rockstar.
Posted: March 11, 2020
We play a thousand games a lifetime, make sure this is one of them.
Posted: March 18, 2021
Imagine a modder fixing your game for you 7+ years after release? LOL
Hyped AF for GTA 6 tho WOOOO.
Posted: May 31, 2022
I was arrested for trying to talk to someone at the beach. 10/10
Posted: June 3, 2020
10/10 Post-man simulator. Im not joking, 90% of the online solo money making jobs are just transporting stuff across the state.
Posted: August 22, 2020
GTA V Story:
The story is absolutly nice with 3 Characters, different views of every single person and random missions.
It would be also great, when Rockstar Games would release here in the story mode some more updates.
GTA V Online:
It was an nice game, but update for update you getting more broke because you cant get easy money in the online mode.
So basicly you cant use the updates that hard because you cant buy anything, you must need to play missions for weeks to buy 1-2 items. It isnt the same like in the past versions.
Posted: January 1
10 years old in 2001 I got GTA 3 I begged my mom
11 years old in 2002 I bought Vice city at school a classmate sold it to me cause his PS2 broke
13 in 2004 bought SA
17 in 2008 bought GTA IV
22 in 2013 bought GTA V
34 in 2025 will buy GTA VI
Rockstar's GTA games have become an integral part of my life, and I'm grateful for the joy they've brought me.
Posted: August 4, 2018
I have been playing this game for over 5 years. From PS3 to PC.
I have never cheated or used hacks/mods. And suddenly Rockstar decided to ban me for no reason.
Once my ban is lifted, 5 years worth of progress will be gone.
If they won't rectify this issue, I'm going to turn this into a full-blown media scandal.
EDIT:
Just in case my claim sounds dubious, here's what I was doing in the 24-hours before I got banned:
- I just received the Stone Hatchet and completed the 25-kills challenge (and didn't receive the 250,000 GTA$ bonus for it).
- I received the 750,000 GTA$ moneydrop for watching the official livestream event (https://www.facebook.com/rockstargames/posts/10156559856180097).
- I was promoting my Nightclub and waiting for my supplies to fill up.
- I logged out to take a nap for a couple of hours.
- I woke up, tried to log in again, but the Social Club verification was taking too long, so I quit out of the game and restart.
- When I restart the game, I received the message that my account has been banned for 30 days.
I have sent multiple messsages to Rockstar Support, but all of my tickets were closed immediately with a preformatted response:
- "You did something wrong but we won't tell you exactly what you did."
- "Your account will be reset: Character, Money, EVERYTHING."
- "This is final and cannot be appealed."
So, yes, I'm being banned for something I didn't do and the punishment is 5 years worth of LEGITIMATE PROGRESS, gone.
Posted: August 27, 2017
R* is currently taking legitimate money away from hundreds, possibly thousands of players.
Their cheat detection is flawed and honest players are paying the price for it.
If you're reading this and are skeptic about it, so was I, until it was my turn to pay up.
I play in private sessions only, for the sole reason to avoid cheaters. It didn't help. You'll get your turn.
I do not recommend this game until R* gets their act together.
Edit:
I'd like to add that buying the game for single player is absolutely worth it, but online is simply a mess.
It's been 3 weeks now and R* refuses to acknowledge their error, so I stopped playing and caring. There's no point in playing online if R* can steal your legitimate money away at any time. And the irony is that legitimate players are getting hurt while cheaters are unaffected.
I will never buy another R* game again and I doubt I am the only one. The way they treat their players is ghastly. Their support desk is insulting. It's all about the money, now more than ever.
Posted: December 30, 2022
Modders are destroying the online
Posted: February 10, 2023
Great game but ruined by cheaters
Posted: May 22, 2020
go get a drink because it takes 10 minutes to connect to the servers
Posted: July 22, 2020
This review will be removed if and when the issues I'm going to write about has been addressed by Rockstar Games,
Currently GTA:Online for PC has next to no serious attention from Rockstar Games on the topic of anti-cheat, anti-grief, anti-mod within GTA:Online. and as of today (day of writing) It has come under my attention that Rockstar has failed to properly protect the personal information, location details, IP addresses and other information of its users. Malicious player can obtain a lot of sensitive personal information by use of common mod-menus for GTA Online. Currently Rockstar Games has not acknowledged or addressed this matter via any of their social media platforms, direct email or via a PR spokesperson.
Worst thing is that you can fall victim of this without even knowing it. all a malicious modder need to know is your Social Club ID or In-Game Nickname.
Rockstar has the means to combat this, but has failed to do so for many years.
I will leave a youtube video about this topic here:
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
and in the comment below this review from GTA V Speedrunner and rockstar fan 'DarkViperAU'. who has spoken with people who have access to these mod-menus/tools and brought it under attention to his following.
Personal accounts with this issue:
I myself have also fallen victim to this issue. This happend a couple weeks ago as per writing of this review. I was streaming GTA Online gameplay on twitch and via the stream a malicious person saw my socialclub name in the stream and started targeting me, joining my FRIENDS ONLY session whilest not being part of my friends list. masking his name by replacing it with racial profanity and harrasing me with gameplay exploits and other nasties. blowing me up, hunting me down in godmode and finally crashing my game. after that I switched my stream over to a single player game because I already have put one and two together.
Thanks for reading. Any questions I will try to anwser. I love Rockstar Games and there games but this is bad beyond believes.
EDIT: Here is a link to a guide I have writen a while ago on how to get a 'public solo session' to avoid modders and griefers messing with you. this is the best way to protect yourself currently within GTAO if you enjoy the game like I do and wish to remain playing it.
How to get a empty public session. (Great for Solo Grind) 
A Guide for Grand Theft Auto V
By: C:\User\JoellJoelly
This guide will explain how to get an empty public session in GTA Online, perfect for CEO Crates, Car sourcing and MC Clubhouse jobs.
Avoiding Modders in GTA Online (With Guardian) 
A Guide for Grand Theft Auto V
By: C:\User\JoellJoelly
This guide will detail how to avoid modders in GTA Online without losing the ability to play with your friends using guardian. (Fast Load Fixed Version) working in GTA Online build 1.54
Questions I get often under this guide;
Q: Why do you keep playing a game you dislike?
A: I do not dislike GTAV or GTAO, I want it to better.
Q: Why do you keep playing a game you see as a security risk?
A: I know how to weapon myself against the risk and I still enjoy playing GTAO so I do not quit.
Q: Do you have more sources or proof besides the DarkViperAU youtube video?
A: Yes, I will update this guide when I get more content on this topic, preferably from different sources. Including:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_fdhCXlPI0
https://youtu.be/C_fdhCXlPI0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dxa_28MTpw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NVxOX2Ea_4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqaHOHOtScA
https://youtu.be/NfwhK4oGWgA
https://youtu.be/UzfApHLP73w
https://twitter.com/GypsytheScumbag/status/1552089044833779713
Q: Who cares? Online gaming will always be like this.
A: I strongly disagree. while yes, a 100% cheater free online experience doesn't exist I know GTA Online could and should be better. Just look at what the FiveM Community has done, It runs on dedicated servers, has no widespread cheating issues and doesn't save any user data.
Q: What am I supposed to do with the information you have given me?
A: Whatever you want with it. I want to mainly inform you. the games networking is Peer2Peer and has next to no anti-cheat, creating a unfair and toxic online environment for normal players. with privacy risk, banning issues and so much more. I hope it help you to make an informed decision
Edit: I will also start deleting comments that go completely off topic and or consist of personal attacks.
Edit 2: I am aware that the DarkViperAU video has been delisted, Please use/look at the other sources I linked to.
Edit 3: I have disabled comments due to constant stream off topic comments.
Posted: March 31, 2023
My friend who I play Grand Theft Auto Online with said if I post a review on Grand Theft Auto V and it gets 100 likes and 20 Awards that he will buy me a case of beer and some vodka So im just gonna leave this here.
⠁⡼⠋⠀⣆⠀⠀⣰⣿⣫⣾⢿⣿⣿⠍⢠⠠⠀⠀⢀⠰⢾⣺⣻⣿⣿⣿⣷⡀⠀
⣥⠀⠀⠀⠁⠀⠠⢻⢬⠁⣠⣾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠐⠱⠏⡉⠙⣿⣿⡇⠀
⢳⠀⢰⡖⠀⠀⠈⠀⣺⢰⣿⢻⣾⣶⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⣤⣴⣾⣿⣷⣼⡆⢸⣿⣧⠀
⠈⠀⠜⠈⣀⣔⣦⢨⣿⣿⣿⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣅⣼⠛⢹⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢋⡿⡿⣯⣭⡟⣟⣿⣿⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⡘⠀
⡀⠐⠀⠀⠀⣿⣯⡿⣿⣿⣿⣯⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⣉⢽⣿⡆⠀⠀
⢳⠀⠄⠀⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠙⠉⠉⠉⠛⣻⢛⣿⠛⠃⠀⠐⠛⠻⣿⡇⠀⠀
⣾⠄⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⡿⠟⠛⠁⢀⠀⢀⡄⣀⣠⣾⣿⣿⡠⣴⣎⣀⣠⣠⣿⡇⠀⠀
⣧⠀⣴⣄⣽⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣖⣶⣬⣾⣿⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀
⣿⣶⣈⡯⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⣹⢧⣿⣿⣿⣄⠙⢿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠀
⠹⣿⣿⣧⢌⢽⣻⢿⣯⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⣠⡘⠿⠟⠛⠛⠟⠛⣧⡈⠻⣾⣿⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠈⠉⣷⡿⣽⠶⡾⢿⣿⣿⣿⢃⣤⣿⣷⣤⣤⣄⣄⣠⣼⡿⢷⢀⣿⡏⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⢀⣿⣷⠌⣈⣏⣝⠽⡿⣷⣾⣏⣀⣉⣉⣀⣀⣀⣠⣠⣄⡸⣾⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀
⠀⣰⡿⣿⣧⡐⠄⠱⣿⣺⣽⢟⣿⣿⢿⣿⣍⠉⢀⣀⣐⣼⣯⡗⠟⡏⠀⠀⠀⠀
⣰⣿⠀⣿⣿⣴⡀⠂⠘⢹⣭⡂⡚⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⡿⢿⢿⡿⠿⢁⣴⣿⣷⣶⣦⣤
[Update]: For those wondering if I received the drinks, YES PEOPLE I GOT THEM!!, along with some chips too! It took a while to get the drinks because we're broke af, but hey, I got them few days later after I posted this. We never expected people to interact with this because the idea is just crazy, to our surprise it even exceeded our expectations. I also want to thank everybody for interacting and my friend for keeping his promise, I could never do it without you guys. We will never forget this legendary wholesome moment, maybe when I have the money, I should pay him back with some drinks.
(About the game it's really fun with friends especially when you have a lot of crazy things to do, Los Santos has brought me so many unforgettable memories)
Posted: June 3, 2022
My mom's still looking for her Credit Card.
But hey! At least I have a flying bike!
Posted: January 11, 2021
You can crash the public server by suspending the task on resource monitor for 6 seconds then resume it afterwards and BOOM you have your own solo public server
✔Now you can do some selling business peacefully ✌
Enjoy ✨
I'm writing this review because there are so many people who just give a negative review for this reason that they cant sell anything in public and there are too many modders in public servers.
They are just struggling and having a bad experience because of griefers.
So i decided to help those new players out 💖
Posted: July 26, 2022
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⠿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢺⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠆⠜⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠿⠛⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⡏⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣠⣤⣤⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣦⣤⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢿⡧⠇⢀⣤⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣾⣮⣭⣿⡻⣽⣒⠀⣤⣜⣭⠐⢐⣒⠢⢰⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣏⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⣾⣿⠂⢈⢿⣷⣞⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣽⣿⣿⣷⣶⣾⡿⠿⣿⠗⠈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠻⠋⠉⠑⠀⠀⢘⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⢹⣿⣿⡇⢀⣶⣶⠴⠶⠀⠀⢽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⠀⠀⠣⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡟⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣧⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡀⣴⠁⢘⡙⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⠉⠉⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠙⢿⠗⠂⠄⠀⣴⡟⠀⠀⡃⠀⠉⠉⠟⡿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢷⠾⠛⠂⢹⠀⠀⠀⢡⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠛⠿⢿
Posted: April 22, 2022
no ban the hackers?
⠀⣞⢽⢪⢣⢣⢣⢫⡺⡵⣝⡮⣗⢷⢽⢽⢽⣮⡷⡽⣜⣜⢮⢺⣜⢷⢽⢝⡽⣝
⠸⡸⠜⠕⠕⠁⢁⢇⢏⢽⢺⣪⡳⡝⣎⣏⢯⢞⡿⣟⣷⣳⢯⡷⣽⢽⢯⣳⣫⠇
⠀⠀⢀⢀⢄⢬⢪⡪⡎⣆⡈⠚⠜⠕⠇⠗⠝⢕⢯⢫⣞⣯⣿⣻⡽⣏⢗⣗⠏⠀
⠀⠪⡪⡪⣪⢪⢺⢸⢢⢓⢆⢤⢀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢊⢞⡾⣿⡯⣏⢮⠷⠁⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠈⠊⠆⡃⠕⢕⢇⢇⢇⢇⢇⢏⢎⢎⢆⢄⠀⢑⣽⣿⢝⠲⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡿⠂⠠⠀⡇⢇⠕⢈⣀⠀⠁⠡⠣⡣⡫⣂⣿⠯⢪⠰⠂⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⡦⡙⡂⢀⢤⢣⠣⡈⣾⡃⠠⠄⠀⡄⢱⣌⣶⢏⢊⠂⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢝⡲⣜⡮⡏⢎⢌⢂⠙⠢⠐⢀⢘⢵⣽⣿⡿⠁⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠨⣺⡺⡕⡕⡱⡑⡆⡕⡅⡕⡜⡼⢽⡻⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣳⣫⣾⣵⣗⡵⡱⡡⢣⢑⢕⢜⢕⡝⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣾⣿⣿⣿⡿⡽⡑⢌⠪⡢⡣⣣⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⡟⡾⣿⢿⢿⢵⣽⣾⣼⣘⢸⢸⣞⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠁⠇⠡⠩⡫⢿⣝⡻⡮⣒⢽⠋
Posted: July 5, 2017
OpenIV fiasco aside...modding aside... cause we all know you guys f***ed up with that..
But, what really bothers me and alot of people is the unrealistic and downright criminal prices you expect people to pay for your Shark Cards. $100 real money for $8Million in-game cash.
When every new DLC costs $25Million-$40Million if you want all the vehicles, upgrades, unlocks..etc..etc WTF good is $8Million?? Your price structure on everything from Shark Cards to Merch is bizarre and unbalanced - if you wonder why people mod and manipulate your game, its because nobody enjoys being blatantly ripped off.
Irony here, when the 'ripping off' got to much for you guys, you threatened the very same people that mod your game to enhance it and who, at the same time, put food on your table and keep you with a job.
STOP ripping off your customers and instead of fighting, why not listen to the community - expand the single player experience with some kind of worthwhile DLC, like people have been begging for. Why not make servers that welcome modders and people that enjoy enhancing the game and getting even more value for money.
and..for gods sake..STOP charging criminal-esqe, exorbitant prices for your poor value Shark Cards... ugh.. just STOP, we are all embarrassed for you over the shameful greed you've shown...and continue to show~

Posted: June 26, 2018
Online play broken
Like many others, I was banned from online play due to a faulty anticheat system that Rockstar has denied accountability for and has failed to repair, multiple months after its issues had first been brought to their attention.
Considering the major scope of this issue and its consequences, Rockstar's public response has been incredibly irresponsible and incompetent - auto-denying ban appeals and failing to formally address the cause of the issue.
Hopefully this issue will be erradicated in the near future, and we many who have been affected can again enjoy the online features of this fantastic product. I wish Rockstar the best in resolving these issues.
Posted: April 4, 2022
To those who are thinking of buying this game for online and after seeing the overall reviews being listed as "very positive", if you see this, PLEASE read.
Do not buy this game if you plan to go to gta online, as it is nothing but a hacker-filled cesspool. Your IP and geolocation WILL be leaked by hackers, and Rockstar will not help you. Private game? Nope, Hackers will join you still. If you absolutely must play online, then I beg you, use a VPN, preferably a good one too, as that should keep your personal info safe.
If you only want offline singleplayer, then go ahead, but for the love of any Deity you worship or whatever, do NOT go to GTA online.
As for any Rockstar employee reading this... Fix your feckíng game's netcode, you absolute shítstains, or better yet, GET SOME DEDICATED SERVERS. Stop swimming in your money pools, and pay attention to what is happening with your game's online mode. People are having PERSONAL info like Zip codes and whatnot leaked, and you are simply allowing it like lazy, pathetic dogs.
Posted: August 2, 2018
Rockstar can ban suspend/ban your account and completely reset your stats without any warning even when you have no used any mods, picked up modded cash or downloaded a cheat. Rockstar support will not revert your suspension/ban and refuse to look into your case when you ask them to over live support, only giving the same copy/pasted responses of "all decisions are final and your ban/suspension will not be reverted." They will refuse to check whether you are a legitimate player or not and if you are wrongfully banned, say goodbye to all the work you put into your character.
Meanwhile actual cheaters have a free reign in public lobbies, able to spawn in unlimited cash, unreleased vehicles, invincibility, the ability to kill anyone not in passive mode instantly. None of them get banned, while thousands of legitimate players do.
Consider this a warning before buying.
Posted: August 9, 2017
Over 1,000 hours on file and I get banned because a man with an airplane sticking out of his crotch locks me in place and dumps money on my head. Yea totally my fault for not logging out, and not Rockstars for not fixing their netcode.
Posted: June 12, 2020
3 years ago... my father bought me this game as a gift for my 17th birthday because I was huge fun of GTA and Rockstar Games.
He also bought game for himself.
I was so happy because I finally got opportunity to play something I wished for years. ( GTA ONLINE )
I played it so hard on "GTA Online" mode with my dad, where I spent around 300 hours of playtime in less than 2 months, maybe even a month.
In time I said above, my character was 107 level, had all guns fully upgraded, had some bussiness, nice cars... etc
Guess what ?
I got banned for 30 days, because they said that I cheat...!
I NEVER used any kind of cheats in any game I or my family paid with REAL MONEY, especially if it is a GIFT!
My father spent around 25 Euros for this game in a way to suprise me + 25 Euros to be able to play with me on GTA ONLINE MODE!
I was totally dissapointed, I wrote a ticket, and they responded me with their 'robot' message saying me that I used cheats and telling me that I have to wait for 30 days to be able to play again... but from ZERO!
BUT HEY! ... I managed to 'survive' without playing GTA V for ENTiRE a MONTH!
Then I finally started again, playing only Races in 'GTA Online' mode for couple of hours then quits.
Next day, when I turned again 'GTA Online' mode I got a nice BLACK SCREEN with BIG WHITE TEXT saying that my account is BANNED PERMANENTLY from GTA Online!
I WAS SHOCKED, again I wrote a ticked and explained the problem, but they just used their useless 'robot' by saying me that this is their final decision...
So from that day, I SWORE TO MYSELF that I would NEVER buy any kind of ANYTHING from Rockstar Games ,and this will remain FOREVER.
I know that you don't give a sh*t about me, which you already proved me with this useless 'robot' Rockstar Support,
but with this 'approach' you are losing many your fellow fans and customers.
NOW LETS TALK ABOUT A GAME ITSELF :
'Single Player' is simply fantastic and there is not anything more to say about it.
'GTA Online' mode was simply something best what GTA Series ever had until the end of 2016 year.
After 2016, Rockstar became hungry for money by adding so many things which regulary doesn't belong to GTA Series anymore... like flying bikes, WW3 tanks, futuristic guns and other sh*t.
This resulted in making this game DISAPPOINTEMENT, by losing all recognizable good sides of GTA Series ( where the cops and criminals was main thing in the game. )
By summarizing impressions... I MUST GIVE YOU A NEGATIVE REVIEW, because 2 reasons I said above. ( 1) Your approach to your fans and customers is dumb and useless, 2) You ruined this game with 'updates' from 2017 to this date. )
Customers, thanks for reading and have a nice day!
Posted: November 22, 2017
If you are looking for a great singleplayer experience, you can ignore this review. You're getting what you pay for there.
If on the other hand you're looking to play GTA Online I cannot recommend the game anymore. It's fun in theory but the way Rockstar handles stuff is just awful. Not only are they completely helpless with the cheater situation in the game but their attempts to stop them actually hit legit players as well. I've earned quite a good amount of in game cash during one of their double money weeks shortly before the last major DLC hit and Rockstar in an attempt to remove cheated/modded money removed 7 million (thats the equivalent of about 80 real life bucks) from my account. In-game money I had earned through their event. I've contacted the support multiple times only to receive responses that either claimed the money was cheated or threatened to ban me.
After about 5 support tickets I gave up. Rockstar Games is scamming their own customers, and that's why I can't recommend being a customer of Rockstar Games anymore. If you already have the game and still play GTA Online I'd recommend doing the following: Go online and search for a cheater willing to give you modded money, proceed to get as much modded money as possible and spend as much of it as you can. Never even think about playing the game legitimately to earn money and for god's sake don't buy shark cards.
Cheers.
Posted: December 12, 2017
Singleplayer is amazing. The story, characters, map. Even after playing over and over again it's still entertaining. I like it way more than the GTA 4's story.
As for online - this is the reason why I don't recommend the game, because I think that most people nowadays buy the game mainly because of the online. Don't get me wrong; I used to love it, played over 400 hours of pure online, everything was awesome, I thought that this is the perfect multiplayer game, they are constantly updating it and there is a lot of stuff - which has become the problem. A year and a half ago, everything was more or less balanced, the prices were reasonable. After the Import/Export things were getting drastically different. Looked like this to me:
"Hey buddy, want to enjoy the content? Well, you should get our brand new garage only for 2M."
Then Gunrunning. Again, my overall feelings:
"Look at this cool update! The players will be able to get their bunkers only for 1.5M. Also, don't forget to upgrade your equipment for another 1M. Did we forget to mention that getting additional people working for you will only cost you half a million? By the way, you will time from time get raided and lose everything, unless you buy another cameras for 400K! All the raids will magically disappear! Want to modify your weapons in your Workshop? Well, too bad, you need a trailer for that, but don't worry, it's only 1 to 2 and a half millions. Do you want to train your shooting? There you go, only for 700K! Do you prefer white over black? The paint costs 105K, so... Did we mention that you can take a nap there? The key for that room costs 265K. Do you want a Gun Locker which you will probably never use? That will be 175K. You want some caddies? 85K or 120K if you want to have them larger. Don't forget to check out the new cars! Get yourself a car that shoots a couple of missiles only for 4-5M!"
How I felt about Smuggler's Run:
Hello there! This update will be about planes. Want a hangar? 1 to 5M. Which style would you prefer? The one for 100k or the one for 320k? Want different lights? No problem - the more expensive style you chose the more expensive lights you'll get! Isn't that cool? Want some nice 'art' on the floor? Sure, we'll paint it for you, costs only up to 200k, just like your apartment you bought last year to do heists! Furniture? You mean another wall? That's another 280k for you. Again, want the keys to access your bed? 235k-375k. You want to customize your 500k glider? One word - WORKSHOP! And guess what this number, 1,150,000 means... Correct! It's the price!"
The prices of the content added were skyrocketing, if you wanted to truly enjoy the game, you had to either make money all day long if you wanted to be a fair dude that doesn't hack, which is by the way, another big problem with this game, or buy some cards that are horribly overpriced. At this point I didn't have time to play all day long, I didn't want to hack and I totally didn't want to spend twice the price of the game on some cards, so I stopped playing. Since then, I've been ignoring the game, not watching any videos and not paying attention to the updates. Sometimes, when I notice that there's an update, I come back for a couple of minutes and look how a vehicle with a couple of missiles costs over 4 millions. Now another heist update, you might think this:
"Oh, finally another heist, things are getting back to the state when you could buy a house for 200k and get full content."
The reality, however, looks like this:
"Hey, it's nice to see you back in the game, look at this brand new heist room only for 2 millions, the same idea, only way more expensive."
And as a person who doesn't have that much time to play anymore, I can't enjoy the content anymore. Another problem with this game are the hackers. I finally am thrown into a lobby after 10 minutes of loading, I see that I am immediately teleported to an airport from my house with a couple of other people and I am stuck doing some rather strange animations. I always report the guy when I find out who it is, but it doesn't seem to help. I've heard some heartbreaking stories of people getting banned for no reason, this luckily hasn't happened to me yet.
Posted: January 24, 2017
Things I Have Never Done in GTA Online:
Used Hacks in Any Form
Modded the Game (Single or Multiplayer)
Been Given Hacked Money
Asked for Hacked Money
Glitched or Used Exploits
Cheated or Abused the Game
Had any Software Installed that has been known to Interfere with Cheat Detection
Things I Have Done:
Paid for GTAV on two platforms
Spent over 350hours playing GTAOnline across two platforms
Rarely spent any time in Public GTAOnline Sessions
Bought all Previous Rockstar Games and Loved them
So in early December 2016 I was grinding hard in GTAOnline during a slow week. I had decided to set myself goal of earning enough money through CEO Jobs and Biker Work to buy a Super Yacht. After a few days of grinding I logged on and found I had been banned. I checked my email and found an agressively vague non-specific email telling me I had violated Rockstars EULA and I had been banned from GTAOnline for one month.
At first I was fairly okay with this, it was one month, and sometimes these things happen. Then I found out that I had my character stats, profile, money and assets wiped out. So I left a ticket on Rockstar social club querying this and attemping to appeal the ban and got back a generic reply that I had violated the EULA and the ban is final.
I have spent the last month sending in tickets, asking different questions trying to at the very least pinpoint what my violation of the terms of service was. I have yet to recieve anything except identical replies, all giving me the exact same vague information that I had violated the EULA and had been banned and that all bans were final. I tried calling up Rockstar technical support (which I only found the phone number for my country on Reddit - thanks to who ever posted that), and the person on the phone read me the EXACT same reply I got by email and then proceeded to hang up.
At the very least Rockstar has some horrible customer service. At worst, they are deliberately obstructing and willfully ignoring the compaints of paying customers. No automated ban system is flawless, and prior to this I would have agreed that people claiming false bans are just whining cheaters. But now I believe that there is at least a minority of banned players who have been banned for no valid reason, have had hours upon hours of gameplay wiped and have no recourse to appeal the bans. There are victory stories from before Rockstar updated their ban policy mid-2016 when people had been able to appeal the bans due to false-positives, and this at least shows that the automated ban system is flawed.
Let me be clear: I couldn't even find out what I did to earn the ban, let alone be given the chance to refute it.
Overall:
So: if you want this game for singleplayer, go for it. It's good. Story isn't as tight as GTAIV but the gameplay has improved greatly. But if you want to buy GTAV for Online only, think twice; because you may end up having hundreds of invested hours wiped out for no apparent reason, and have no way to even appeal or find out why.
Edit:
Some links.
YouTube streamer banned, while in game, after streaming from character creation to ban.
Rockstar come out and say that software hook-ins don't affect bans.[support.rockstargames.com]
Rockstar suspension policy.[support.rockstargames.com]
A Redditors ban story. Has more links and details than in this review, make your own opinon.
FalseBanGTAO Steam Group.
Rockstars profits from Sharkcards.[www.cinemablend.com]
Rockstar claims Singleplayer mods were never meant to cause bans. (Possibly outdated).[www.rockstargames.com]
Rockstars say recieving modded money won't cause bans.[support.rockstargames.com]
Posted: March 24, 2018
**EDIT - Apparently I'm one of the hundreds thousand or so people falsely banned. People were getting banned in the tutorial. Seriously?**
This could be a good game if Rockstar wasn't the most incompetent ♥♥♥♥♥ I've ever had the displeasure of dealing with.
You read a ton of these negative reviews thinking that these people are just unlucky, that it can't happen to you. I've been playing the game nonstop for a past week, making money for a bunker and new cars and in the middle of a game, I just got falsely banned for a month for no reason at all and my character and progress INSTANTLY reset.
It's a shame because this is a blast to play with friends, but Rockstar just can't seem to manage ♥♥♥♥ with their own game. They don't try to improve the experience, pushing out a bunch of events that no one seems to care about, releasing new content that require days of grinding and instead forcing everyone to buy their absurd shark cards, which people still apparently get banned for.
Another thing which I found cute is that now their support page reminds you over and over no bans, no matter what, may be appealed and are AUTOMATICALLY closed. So even when they ban people fo no reason: tough luck.
Not to mention, do you know what I'll find when I log on a month later, all of my hard work reset back to nothing? Modders and cheaters, the same that have been on the game ever since it first came to PC.
This game will forever be garbage because of Rockstar. This review will stay if mine and countless others bans are not overturned.
**EDIT 03/29/18 - A majority of the falsely banned players, myself included, have been unbanned with all of our accounts intact.. to promptly being banned once again with the same response Rockstar had in the beginning of this mess. So good job Rockstar.**
Posted: February 28, 2017
600 hours. Great game. Came back on to have some fun with an old friend and to check out the new updates. We did some CEO missions and drove around, deciding not to bother the other players and do our own thing. I log off the game. Five minutes later i receive an email stating i have violated the EULA and my account, character, and inventory have all been reset. Years of work. Gone. I decided to give the game another chance after the same scenario had happened to my best friend before the reset was a thing, just to have it happen to me. Don't get me wrong, we had a blast driving around, grinding up enough money to finally buy the vehicles and homes we wanted, then proceed to try the new modes as they came out like the racing, CEO, adversary modes. I saw all these negative reviews on the page stating how people had been randomly banned, and when they brought this up on the forums, they were called "liars" and told "Dont cheat again ♥♥♥". I thought they were full of ♥♥♥♥ until it happened to me. I have no chance of getting all i've worked for back unless i buy their damn shark cards, and even then, whos to say they wont ban me again? I can say the uninstall button worked better than the anti-cheat, as ive seen countless modders roaming around unopposed, causing hell to other players. Im 90% sure that the majority of answers im going to get for this review are going to be the "regulars" who claim everyone hacks or cheats except them, and that i won't be missed. Thats fine. Just note Rockstar, if you by chance read my lovely review, you've lost another customer. I will never buy from you again. It was fun while it lasted but in the end, even i was beaten by a robot with the banhammer, with no reason, or ♥♥♥♥♥ given.
Posted: January 20
Gameplay breakdown:
10% shooting
20% heists
40% driving
130% loading & initializing
Posted: April 20, 2018
Just don't touch the online mode.
Posted: March 17, 2021
Nearly after 8 years, it's no longer a loading simulator.
Posted: September 28, 2017
Until the last update, I would have highly recommended this game, but sadly I would advise everyone to steer away from this game and any other future Take-Two/Rockstar game. I think theifs is the best way to describe these companies. I can confirm to those of you reading these reviews saying "surely they wouldn't be removing in game funds that people pay $80/£60+ for?" that it is really happening. I will split this review into two parts; Single Player and Multiplayer.
Singleplayer
The story and how it plays out for single player is possibly the best out there. The story is fantasic, and there are very few missions that aren't fun to play. Also, the implementation of an in-game stock market (although not the best thing ever) is really cool to me. Pairing this with missions that allow you to manipulate this stock market, you can earn millions, even billions. But this leads to the issue of there being nothing to spend it on. Singleplayer mode for some reason does not get content from Rockstar's updates. The only way you can access them is by grinding multiplayer for days to afford the likes of one car, however we will get to that.
Overall, Singleplayer is absolutely fantastic, except from the fact that after the story there is little to do unless you are interested in mods, in which case you will probably love this game for that.
Multiplayer
Oh yay, this train wreck. Okay, so I have 1,151 hours on Steam for GTA V, with around 1,000 being for multiplayer. I converted my stats from PS3 so likely have around double that. I know what I am talking about with this game. The multiplayer in this game is absolutely trash now. I was always able to look past the grind in this game, but it has gotten to the point now where money is so hard to make, and things are so expensive that it is no longer fun. At all. Rockstar and Take-Two have become money ♥♥♥♥♥♥, so much so that they are taking purchased in-funds away for NO REASON and will accuse you of hacking the game. If you refuse to purchase the in-game currency (like me), then you will have to grind. Now, at least in my ways, around 1 hour of in game grinding will bring in, at most, around $300,000, and that's if youre grinding really hard, non stop, and have the most lucrative in game businesses in the game. When starting out, you will be lucky to bring in $100,000 per hour, so as you can see, it's a pretty tough grind anyway. The last update called "Smuggler's Run" brought some of the most expensive content in GTA Online to date, with things costing $1,500,000 upwards. I had 2.6 million removed from an in-game challenge called Criminal Mastermind that took me months to complete, getting $10,000,000 from. This was removed because it was "modded or cheated money". So, 6 tickets to Rockstar later, I have quite rudely been told by a robot to go ♥♥♥♥ myself and that I'm not getting it back, and that's why I've finally decided that enough is enough with this game.
Something that I have always found interesting in GTA Online is that you can buy a yacht - a real calling card, with the most expensive one sitting at $10,000,000. The highest in-game currency you can purchase is $8,000,000, sitting at $100 real money. That to me has always seemed ridiculous for what is already a fairly expensive game.
Also, if you want to mod singleplayer, thats fine in their eyes (not really since they shut down OpenIV, a company they supported but hey let's let bygones be bygones), but if you DARE go near their money making method and try to make things fun, you will be banned and stripped of everything you have online.
Overall
This review could go on forever, about a game/company that steals from their fans and shuts down companies who they once directed their fans to, but I think it's time to sum it up. For what was for a very long time my favourite game ever, I would highly recommend that you never go near this game, even if you recieve it for free. I will never touch another Rockstar or Take-Two game, and hope that their next game flops and they learn no treat their fans better, however, if you're not giving them money, they hope you ♥♥♥♥ yourself.
Update: Went on today to see if I had been refunded yet, and guess what!! I haven't.
Update 2: Left another ticket to Rockstar asking HOW my money was illegitamate, stating several times that I know that it, according to them, is illegitimate but after my ticket making it to support stage 3 (presumably the highest? Has been in all support companies I know.), guess what happened? I got the same copied and pasted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ response AGAIN. This reponse took them over a week to type.
Posted: December 16, 2022
Drove over a hooker and she got stuck under my windshield…
…and we went on an adventure!!!
10/10
Posted: November 18, 2023
i loved the part where michael came in and said "its thefting time" and thefted all over the place
Posted: July 18, 2022
>Be me
>Go on gta v
>Load up online
>Kid with mark II oppressor flying around bombing everyone in session
>Take out my own mark II
>Kill him once and end his genocide streak
>Kid pulls up 2 seconds later with 10000$ mod menu his grandma made and loop kills me
>Report him to rockstar
>They piss and ♥♥♥♥ on my report and ignore it
>Say screw it and download a free mod menu myself
>After deleting the 1348 viruses it gave me I finally go play online
>Gives myself 2$ for ps and qs
>Rockstar mod teleports to me irl, hits me square in the jaw with a metal pipe, knocks me tf out and flies away on his oppressor mark II
>Wake up banned
>Kill myself
Posted: June 29, 2017
After 3+ years of playing GTA V on both PS4 and PC, and putting in hundreds of hours into the game, Rockstar unfairly banned my account and reset all of my character progress. I had to grind and grind to make money because Rockstar wants players to buy their vastly overpriced Shark Cards, and I, along with other people with high cash balances, was unjustly banned and lost it all.
Support tickets I submitted were ignored and met with the same copy-and-paste responses repeating their ban policy. After this ordeal I am never going to buy another Rockstar-affiliated product. They don't care about their players or customers. They only want to make money.
Posted: March 12, 2018
When I bought this game on Jul 6, 2015, and played it for the first time it seemed amazing. There weren't that many cheaters around, Rockstar weren't pushing their shark cards so hard yet. The amount of money needed to get something was considerate. Like top apartments were $200'000, cars cost hardly over $500'000 and you could easily get your first million simply by playing each heist just one time.
Then bikers came out introducing new ways of making money with biker businesses. Which were then greately nerfed after a while. Rockstar began to push their shark cards harder and began to fight the competition they themselves made. That was the first time I noticed Rockstar being greedy and cutting players' income to make it harder for them to grind the money in game making them feel like they need to invest real $$ to get some in-game $$.
After that CEO import\export with crates and stolen vehicles came out which, again, at first allowed players to earn some nice money pretty fast. And guess what happened next? Rockstar nerfed the income yet again making it hardly profitable for the players. And at the same time the prices kept growing wild. Like some cars costing over $2'000'000, apartments costing over 1 milion providing no extra features. Hardly useful mobile operation centers costing 1.5-2 million. And shark cards popping up everywhere like a real annoying advertisement in real life.
Then in June 2017 Gunrunning came out which was a blast in moneymaking compared to any previous activities and remained the best way to make money in GTA Online for a while. At last I was able to keep up with crazy prices on cars, bikes, guns, and all sorts of customization in game (still taking up insane amount of time to grind though, but at least "the price was right")
That remained the case up untill late february \ early march of 2018, when I noticed my sales shrank in half. And this time, since it happened recently, I am able to state some real numbers:
For a year I was able to pay $75'000 to get a full stock of supplies for my bunker. Which then produced me an amout of guns worth of $420'000 per one sale using a single vehicle. Meaning I had a net profit of $345'000 per one single sale playing solo. And as of today the numbers shrank down to just $210'000 per sale, but I still have to pay the same $75'000 for the supplies and wait for the same amount of time for these weapons to manufacture which makes my net profit $135'000 (down from $345'000). That's $210'000 less than it used to be PER ONE SALE.
The exact same thing happened to EVERY DLC activities earlier. I just can't memorize the exact diffirence in numbers for those older changes, but the effect was the same every time. I stopped doing these older missions since they became hardly profitable. And this time the gunrunning is gonna be my next abandoned facility :(
Now let's move on to another huge problem of this game: CHEATERS.
Rockstar made only one good attempt in fighting modders for real. JUST ONCE. When they decided to completely prohibit the use of any modification for GTA Online, which then resulted in a huge outbreak of negative reviews on Steam which spooked Rockstar to the bone. And they quickly reverted these changes completely removing such protection within a couple days. Allowing rеtаrdеd individuals to keep on griefing on other players using mods.
And nothing has changed ever since.
This is why I AM NOT GOING TO BUY and DO NOT RECOMEND you to buy ANY GAMES FROM ROCKSTAR in the future.
Rockstar used to be a great company making masterpiece games. But they became corrupted by these filthy greedy marketologists, and began to penalize their loyal and honest players with income cuts, crazy in-game prices and long grind times while allowing cheaters and modders to thrive on, completely ruining GTA Online.
ROCKSTAR, STOP BEING GREEDY AND MAKE YOUR GAME GREAT AGAIN!
Posted: March 11, 2020
offline story mode = masterpiece
online mode = mixed
Posted: May 20, 2021
GTA V would be the greatest game of all time hands down if Rockstar didn’t get greedy with Shark Cards.
Posted: June 15, 2017
Instead of banning OpenIV how about fixing GTA Online???
Posted: November 23, 2021
It's 2015 Summer, window is wide open, you have your headphones on, it's 2 AM everybody is asleep. But you just got your hands on GTA V that you have waited for so long for. You just finished another mission with Micheal and got dropped of near Sandy Shores. Next mission marker is in the main city you get a car , hit enter, start driving, scroll to Non Stop Pop FM and hear "Modjo - Lady (Hear me Tonight). Wind breezes through your open window and you feel as you are on a real highway, blasting that jam on full sound and pressing W to the max.
At that moment you had no worries in world and were just having fun, little did you know that you were making memories...
Posted: February 3, 2018
- Played over 900 hours.
- Never got banned.
- Never received money from any hacker.
- Never had any similar problem with Rockstar.
Why is it a thumbs down?
- Multiplayer it's still infested with hackers, modders, people begging for money, kids cursing for no reason etc.
- You will get banned? 50% sure.
- Will it be your fault? 100% not.
- The hackers are giving you money just because they can, and they want to, not because you will ask them to.
- How do you stay away from hackers? Maybe you're asking..well, you create empty sessions, but that's not how a multiplayer experience should work on a triple A title.
- If you don't have friends, don't bother buying it, unless you wanna play singleplayer.
- Oh..one more important thing, Rockstar is even trying to solve the methods of creating empty sessions, they already patched some of them, so you gonna be forced to stay on sessions full of people i mentioned above, but don't worry..your boy got your back, here's the last single method i know that works if you want to create an empty session:
- Alt+Ctrl+Delete>Task Manager>Performance>Open Resource Monitor>Right Click on Grand Theft Auto app>Suspend Process (for 10 seconds)>Resume Process, and you get your own empty session, you're welcome.
Posted: November 3, 2021
Overall the game has been ruined by Rockstar and TakeTwo's greed. Online is entirely built around making the game so painfully unplayable as to encourage Shark Card sales. Every mission has excessively drawn-out drives and time wasting objectives, the mechanics are being tweaked slowly to make the game harder and harder to play without just buying your money. Grinding the game is an NDA away from being a full time job, Rockstar expects you to spend 60hrs a week on this game. Not to mention the community, the GTA Online community is by far the saddest, most pathetic, cringeworthy, group of degenerates you can find on the internet. The cheating is also a big problem, Rockstar will ban you, but only if you illegitimately acquire money. They'll only punish what threatens their Shark Card sales. The cheaters, or "modders" as they call themselves, due to Rockstar's lazy networking and lack of dedicated servers, can remind you of why you gave up on the game years ago in a instant. The game is P2P, in 2021, P2P... you can see the issue. If it were 2015, I'd say give it a try. However as of now, this game is a shell of what it was, let it die.
Also, on a very personal note, genuinely, from the true bottom of my heart, ♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar. ♥♥♥♥. You.
Posted: December 6, 2019
Amazing single player experience, it's a shame that Rockstar cancelled the single player DLCs to focus on GTA Online.
Posted: December 7, 2020
You drive some cars, listen to Kendrick on the radio and punch people for $3
10/10
Posted: February 1
GTA radio is better than actual radio.
Change my mind.
Posted: November 4, 2022
i like it but too many kids wit flying scooters shooting me when I wanted nice ride with bike :(
Posted: August 13, 2022
i like this game because I'm basically Lester.
still waiting for my royalties, rockstar games
Posted: November 27, 2019
Jimmy De Santa - The majority of GTA5 players.
Posted: May 2, 2019
Step 1.
Play single player for about 50 hours.
Step 2.
Play online for about 500 hours.
Step 3.
Play rp till you die.
Posted: October 11, 2018
You have a 50/50 chance of what kind of multiplayer lobby you get into.
1) A lobby where modders try to stop you from leaving your apartment and drop money for themselves with people begging them to give them money
2) A lobby with a bored dude who decides to ruin other people's days
How to avoid this? Task Manager > Resource Manager > GTA V > Suspend Process for 15 seconds > GTA V > Resume process. Enjoy the solo public lobby.
Another way to avoid this? Play the focused-on-details, great story mode on GTA V.
Michael - Typical high-class old guy with anger issues
Franklin - A guy trying to gain some clout through the most inefficient methods possible
Trevor - Michael in a nutshell minus the high-class part and worse anger issues.
GTA Online character - Guy who gets spammed with calls by Paige Harris, and some other guys persuading him/her to buy some foreclosure.
Posted: June 7, 2023
imagine playing the prison break heist, getting to the end, and then some mf jumps out of the aircraft and u gotta redo everything
Posted: October 14, 2023
strip club
Posted: October 16, 2023
I get a tiny bit of happiness every time I see an old lady start running away from me when I have a knife.
Posted: January 23
Franklin is Black
Posted: July 31, 2022
I pour gasoline on people, then light them on fire.
I steal money from stores.
I run over hookers.
I shoot my own friends in the face.
Then I go home and play GTA V.
Posted: November 11, 2021
Steam you need to fix this! You should not allow a developer to control access to offline/single player content customers paid for because Rockstar can't get their act together. Players can't play story/offline mode because Social Club Services are unavailable.
Posted: June 9, 2018
Got banned after not logging in to GTA Online for almost a year. After logging in today, played for less than an hour and suddenly got banned. No reason nothing and even my account got reset. 450+ hours spend on Online on PC, all gone to waste. No respond from Rockstar neither will they look into it. I never cheated on this game not even once and now i am being betrayed
Posted: November 21, 2018
The best there is, the best there was and the best there ever will be.

Posted: February 24
Can't wait to uninstall this to make room for the new one
Posted: June 22, 2021
GTA Online is full of cheaters, racists, and the worst, most vile trolls in the world. However, I'm a masochist and love this game.
Posted: October 15, 2022
Always go private or solo if you'd like a playable online experience. Online public lobbies are worse than hell.
Posted: February 23, 2020
Just got past the loading screen
Posted: March 21, 2021
3000 hrs playing/loading on your 6 billion dollar game, modder fixes the loading times for you and you give him 10K? Cringe....lol
Posted: June 15, 2017
You ban our mods, we ban your income.
Posted: June 2, 2019
GTA 5 is an immersive and entertaining game, blending storytelling, gameplay, and multiplayer in new ways. It features an interesting and enjoyable single-player story, highly addicting and fun multiplayer, a strong player base, and a dedicated modding community. However, it suffers from a lack of a proper anti-cheat system, micro-transactions, and connection issues.
Posted: April 29, 2018
Grand Theft Auto V
I have never thought that I will write a negative review on game like GTA V. For a long time it was one of my favorite games, but after last ban wave I reconsidered my opinion, and I just can not recommend this game to anyone who is considering to buy it for multiplayer or is already playing.
If you still do not have this game, and you just want to play singleplayer, do not hesistate and go for it. Singleplayer alone is worth those money.
Now about multiplayer:
grind here is bad
it has lot of bugs
so many endless loadings
you need friends to really enjoy the game, and even with them it will be frustrating experience
there are not many things which you could do alone
you can not do your businesses on your own private server, so you are forced to play with random players, because of that it is really frustrating and hard to make any money
new updates are worse and worse, they cost a lot of money, and in the end most of those things are totally useless
they do not care about old stuff which is already in the game, for example: Titan could have functional loading bay or Cargobob could have magnet rather than that useless hook...
BAN WAVES which causes suspensions even for legit players
Yet there are still many modders
Still after all those things THE BIGGEST PROBLEM is R* Support, I can say that I have never seen worse support. It is like talking with robots, they are using scripted phrases, and in the end they will not help you.
As a player who got banned without any reason, I was trying to get some answers. At least I wanted to know "what have I done?". But they will not tell you, because you do not have permission to know that. The only thing you get is their typical copy/paste answer how their anticheat is flawless, and you are the one who broke EULA rules, but which one? Who knows...
Another thing is that with the ban they also delete your characters, because of that I lost my 700h+ progress.
So if you are guilty, you can prepare yourself that after the ban ends, you probably get another one (permanent), because you can not prevent happening it again without knowing what it caused.
And if you are really innocent, the only thing what you can do is wait...
After all of this I was just waitting for some statement from Rockstar and you know what?
Even though thousands of players were banned falsely, after month Rockstar did not do any statement, they just act like nothing ever happend.
This is how Rockstar appreciate their costumers.
Posted: June 8, 2018
TLDR; The game is fun but Rockstar and Take-Two provide no specific information regarding suspension or bans. Even if bans are final, this information should be provided to the user so they can rectify the issue. To make it clear, my current temporary suspension is a false-positive to my knowledge. I requested further information regarding the EULA violation from their support team. They chose not to provide infomration on the EULA violation, nor did they provide evidence that my account had violated the EULA. I can not recommend this game because they do not make this information accessible.
-----------------------------------------------
Until this week I would have recommended GTA V as a great game. It has an enjoyable single player and while the multiplayer is a grind to say the least, Rockstar have made it possible to perform the activities / missions / events with more than four players, which is a common pitfall of most co-operative games. This has given the game replay value, which led to the large number of hours I have played it. Whenever my friends and I needed a game we all were happy to play, GTA V was commonly the choice. I will acknowledge that GTA V itself is a great game to play with friends, and alone. However, on Monday - whilst mid-mission, GTA V's anti-cheat engine handed me out a temporary suspension. Like a broken record, I will say that I do not cheat, exploit, or mod the game, nor do I have any program which is capable of tampering with the games code or memory.
At the time, I summised that GTA V's cheat engine works using a heurisitc system which looks at the behaviour of programs running in the background. Most likely it looks for programs attempting to inject code, control window handles, or view memory. I am relatively sure that it was my AS Rock tuning utility - which was monitoring sensory data, that is the culprit. I deduced this only from the fact that it was the only program that I had not run while running GTA V over a long period of time. However, I can also deduce that this program would have in no way altered or hindered the GTA V executable, nor its online service. I do not simply want to serve the 30 day suspension (which I am quite happy to do - understand that an anti-cheat engine that analyzes behaviour is bound to misinterpret occasionally) and then find that I am permanently banned. The problem with this game isn't the anti-cheat engine itself. In software engineering of this nature, there is always a tradeoff between false positives and limiting the number of cheats. So many hackers were ruining the game that the developers had make the anti-cheat engine more aggressive - result: more false positives.
The problem lies in their lack of support and the ignorance that they hold towards this potential tradeoff. I sent a message to support - not asking to appeal the ban (explicitly telling them that I did not wish to appeal), but rather asking for information regarding the violation so that I could determine what caused the issue. The support message was viewed three times according to their "latest activity" timer over two days, and then "Charles" provided an automated message essentially copy and pasting the same content on their website regarding the issue. This is the problem. Rockstar and Take-Two's line is that "everyone is banned" for a reason - and therefore bans are final. If they enforce this, then they should inform the user of the specific violation that occurred. Providing me with an automated message provides me with no information doesn't tell me what set it off your anti-cheat engine. More so, it is an insult to your player base to not provide this information.
Furthermore, there is an issue regarding permanently banning accounts without providing proof of the offense. In particular, in the termination section they state that they will only terminate an accounts service if it violates the code of conduct or if the service itself is terminated by the licensor (i.e. they stop online support for the game). By permanently banning someone (i.e. terminating online services to that registered account), this directly implies that the user must have violated the code of conduct. If they don't provide proof of the infraction, then one should question whether there was even a violation of their services. The burden of proof is on Take-Two or Rockstar to prove that you violated the EULA. If they can't provide the evidence, then there is no proof of a license violation and therefore they are breaking their own EULA. Since the EULA is essentially a contract, they are legally liable in this scenario.
If the game provided proof of the violation that the registered account made against the EULA, then I would recommend this game - because then the game/service/or support would explicitly state the violation to the user and give the user a chance to seek remedy in the scenario that the grounds for the violation were false. As it is, Rockstar, Take-Two, nor their support channels make no attempt to provide this information. Furthermore, the support channels they provide for EULA violations (i.e. bans) provides no further assistance in the issue - why have it at all? Just tell us that you don't answer questions on bans rather than wasting our time. So as it stands, I will not be utilising their online services until they do provide this information. Hence, I do not recommend this game because at this time, I can not fully utilise the product without risk of the Licensor (Take-Two) violating the conditions of their EULA in the termination section (i.e. permanently banning me) and with no possiblity of the Licensee (Me) seeking appeal or remedy.
Posted: March 18, 2023
I have committed many felonies, in the game and irl. good game
Posted: December 11, 2023
You forget a thousands thing everyday, pal. Make sure this is one of 'em.
Posted: April 19, 2015
The PC version of GTA V is definitely the best version. We had to wait really long, but the game finally came out in a fantastic state. Rockstar obviously put a lot of time into the PC port/version. I'm usually against pre-ordering games, but I made one exception this year for GTA, and im happy with my decision. I didn't do it for the pre-order bonus (because that was frankly just a disappointing money cheat) , I did it just so I could preload all GB's in time for launch, because the game is ridiculously big.
I'm running it at 60-90 fps on 1920x1080 with most things on "high", except for the advanced options, which is something you should only use if your running SLI or one really good card. I have a Nvidia gtx 680, which is a few years old now, so im very impressed with how good I can get the game to run. You can also use GeForce experience with GTA, because Nividia released a update for that day before launch.
You can play GTA in first or third person mode, and simply change between them on your controller. All cars have different interiors and looks when you are driving in first person. Some textures are a little blurry in first person, but that is something to expect in a game of this size. Fighting, swimming, walking can also be done in first person, so you can just pick what you like the best.
If you have an SSD drive that is big enough for this game you should probably use that for GTA, because the loading screens without it is sometimes very long. It's one of the only complains I have with GTA actually. Thankfully thats just when you are loading into story mode or online, because once you are in the big world there is no invisible walls or loading screens.
Singleplayer is fun and the 3 main characters are all very well written. You can swap between them in the open world, but also in certain quests. Michael, Trevor and Franklin are very different from eachother which makes the game more interesting then GTA IV's only character, Niko.
GTA online is probably what some people will spend a ton of time in. I really just bought it for the single-player experience, but after playing a few hours with my friends I have to say that GTA online is actually really fun. I think the missions will get kind off repetitive in the long run, but to play free-roam with friends will never get old. You also unlock heist in level 12, so that might refresh things even more.
I play this game with an xbox controller and it seems like all friends I've talked to is doing the same thing. I strongly recommend it, at least for the driving. You can enable auto-aim on your controller if you think shooting with it is too hard, or you can swap between your keyboard+mouse in combat, and use controller for driving. When you crash your car and get hit the controll vibrates, which I think makes you feel more immersed in the game.
I tried the PC controls and I didn't like them at all. For example you have to hit "Z" to see how many players are on your server in online mode. You can however rebind all keys on keyboard, mouse, and controller so thats really good, but the default ones on keyboard are not great im afraid.
GTA is a fantastic open world game that will no doubt be played for many years to come. I have already played it a lot and I feel like I have much more leveling to do in GTA online, much more to do and explore in singleplayer and many hours of fun with my close friends to come. Singleplayer was all I really needed, so I will just see GTA online as a plus.
Well done Rockstar! This is the best PC version you have ever made and I can see that you put a lot of effort, time and love into creating it. Strongly recommend this title to all my friends, whether your the single or multiplayer guy, you will have a ton of fun. This will probably be one of the best games released this year.
Posted: July 10, 2023
haven't had a chance to play it all that much, but so far it seems pretty good
Posted: May 16, 2023
steal car
Posted: July 24, 2021
Told my friend's little brother that we would go to a shoe store and went to the strip club
Posted: August 29, 2017
Removing money from people who dont cheat just because they are greedy and want you to buy shark cards.
Posted: September 3, 2017
GTA Online, the jack of all trades game which does everything quite well while staying a safe distance away from all forms of perfection. I currently have 4,617 hours of playtime logged in this game, most of it online or in the creator. Once this game made it out on PC, complete with a first person viewpoint, I felt as though my lifelong journey of discovering an entire world which I could live in and do whatever I desired was finally becoming a reality.
I loved this game. LOVED this game. I've been playing since the top-down days of GTA 1, always dreaming of the time when I could experience this crazy alternate world 'from my own eyes.'
However, having spent this much time in the game leaves me with one conclusion: I simply cannot recommend this game. Not to anyone, not for any reason. Not ever.
See, in a game which revolves around drugs, money, murder, and any manner of illegal activities, I kind of expect to be treated like a criminal inside of the game.
I do not expect to be treated like a crimial outside of the game by the sorry excuse they have for tech support.
On 08/29/17, well into week 3 of some amazing double payout bonuses and mere days away from the Smuggler's Run DLC, my few friends and I were spending many long hours playing away and racking up some serious money through all of our hard work. However, Rockstar decided that it was time to run another sweep looking for people who mod, glitch, cheat, hack, or exploit their game.
Apparently it found very few of these people. Instead, it found a whole bunch of us legitimate players. Then it decided to punish us all wholesale, never once telling us why or how it came to this conclusion. Better still, many of these people with modded money didn't get affected at all!
First we are met with a screen during the game's loading cycle stating 'we have determined that GTA$ and/or RP details on your account were adjusted by something out of your control and we have taken action to fix it. No additional action is required from you at this time.'
Now, a lot of people will try to argue that they are completely legit 'except for that one time when...' I am not one of these people. I know what the public sessions are like in this game. It's because of this that I had only ever played in closed or solo sessions until very recently, with the same one or two known and trusted friends, for most of my online time. I had never played online on a console and had never transferred an online character. I routinely took screenshots of my online bank account just in case some modder somehow managed to get through to me and mess with my hard-earned cash.
To this day I have yet to see a single glitched or modded GTA dollar go into my account. I would know if it went there. I do not place myself into situations where such a thing could happen and I keep a very close eye on what happens to my game. In addition I've never modded nor glitched GTA money, myself. I've never even duped a car. Honestly, I don't even know how to do any of this stuff!
Rockstar apparently could not care any less about this as they had decided to 'take action' and steal $28,553,333 of my legitimate, hard-earned money. Right out of the blue, no explanation given. 'Okay,' I think, 'their anti-cheat is confused with the double payouts we've gotten over these last few weeks. They'll figure it out, this'll get sorted out, everyone who had their legit cash removed will get it back.' There's quite a lot of us, too. Look around the forums and message boards. Tons of us. Including about ten people whom I've just stared playing with mere days ago, which happens to be most of the people that I know in this game.
Sadly, this does not appear to be the case. Rockstar's support number has a doofy automated thing saying to use their support website (which many of us have already attempted to use.) Any attempt to mention this stolen money on said website will soon see the issue being flagged as being a 'cheat/exploit or banning issue.' It may or may not also have an automated response from some soulless bot stating that "Your shared bank account in GTA Online was adjusted to remove illegitimately gained in-game money." Then the trouble ticket will be closed. End of story, slap across the face. 'You cheated, we corrected it, get lost.'
Like Hell! Not ONCE have I EVER done anything in this game to cheat. I HATE cheating. Had any modded money been dropped onto me I would have told them about it in a heartbeat. But Rockstar simply does not care about how legitimate we are. They are always in the right, we as players are always in the wrong. I'll probably never see that money back but that doesn't mean I'm going to stop sending them trouble tickets about it. I'm currently sitting at number four. They will keep hearing from me until they either fix their error or ban me.
Nowhere has there been any official word from them about this. No 'we recognize that there was an issue' or 'we are currently looking into the matter.' Nope, we're all dirty cheaters, go screw off somewhere else. As if it wasn't bad enough that they find any way they can to deplete our online bank accounts through normal play, now they're outright stealing it from a lot of us!
All of the other rampant bugs in this game, both new and old, I could come to overlook (and there are quite a few of them!) The increasingly forced public session play, the psychotic AI drivers, the ridiculous AI buffs, being called a '♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥' by the NPC's hundreds of times during play (Rockstar must have a fascination with this word combination,) the list goes on. I won't even get into the mess that is story mode.
This matter, however... Now that I know who I am dealing with I am done purchasing anything with Rockstar's name on it. Take 2 is in significant danger as well since their name is now associated with this title. This kind of treatment of their playerbase is beyond unacceptable. I can't even fathom how much of my time had been lost due to this, though if you consider that their most expensive Shark Card weighs in at $100 USD and gives you 8 million credits then they just stole nearly $357 USD from me because of this nonsense and there isn't anything in the world I can do about it. (Except for sending them a bunch of trouble tickets and writing a negative review on Steam. Power to the consumer, gorramit.)
I had worked my butt off in this game for every dollar which I had saved and spent. I played it smart, made intelligent purchases, played the game the way it was meant to be played and did everything that I could do to protect myself and my belongings. As it turns out someone did manage to mess up my account in the end, just not how I would have expected.
Grand Theft Auto receives two middle fingers way, way up. If you've managed to avoid purchasing this game so far, congratulations! Stay far, far away from it and its rampant toxicity. If you already have purchased this and happened to experience a similar situation then I strongly encourage you all to join me in avoiding any of their games from this point forward while continuing to contact them through any means possible until they fix their broken crap and give us back our hard-earned money.
Seriously, go sit on a cactus Rockstar.
Posted: August 6, 2017
I made the mistake of purchasing this game for PC. I waited, and was excited. I took the numerous delays that this port experienced with stride. Upon playing this game for an amount of time that has left me disgusted and embarrased, I can really only say one thing to summarize: the hacking is terrible, and the game grinding is worse.
Every so often, I return to this game asking myself "Why did I stop playing again?" The answer comes in less than 10 minutes of playing in a public lobby, when a hacker will do any of the following: teleport me over the ocean, blow me up, blow my vehicle up but make it seem as though I blew it up (so you have to pay a premium to get it back), kill me from across the map, teleport me the the ceiling for a free fall with no parachute, take money from my in game account, spam blow me up in a constant cycle of death, sticking a firepit onto my character so that he will burn to death constantly (the firepit never goes away unless you restart the game itself), or simply crash my game entirely.
Oh wait, my GOSH, they did address the hacking. No more OpenIV Liberty City for GTA V. Those dastardly spawns of Satan within OpenIV are surely more of a threat than actual in-game hackers that have ruined countless gaming experiences, right? Wait a minute here....something seems a little fishy...
Perhaps Rockstar, or TakeTwo for that matter, likes in-game hackers more than OpenIV for one simple reason: OpenIV stands to cut into possible revenue for TakeTwo (why play Online where there is money to be made by Rockstar when I can play in a Liberty City mod for freeeee); while hackers take players' money, which opens up the potential for more time spent in-game to earn the money back, or the possible purchase of a Shark Card. Seems simple enough for me.
On to the other bone I have to pick (oh Rockstar, why have you left so many for me to chew on?): in-game prices. "Free DLC" is a blantant lie. It's free if you have no life in order to play the game constantly for the medicore payouts that you get for completing "high paying, high risk work" that is required to pay for all of this "free content". However, if you have other priorities in life that exceed making bank as a major criminal in this world of photons and hacking, then your best bet of experiencing any kind of new content is to look up the myriad of videos that are posted by the deplorable YouTubers of the GTA community (you know the ones), and you will surely have your fill of this content. Or you can ask one of the numerous hackers in this game to simply spawn you some of the new content. Have I mentioned that there are hackers galore in this game, by the way?
Honestly though, just look at the prices for Shark Cards, and then look at the prices for in game content. Your question as to why a flying bike that shoots homing missile was added, has been dutifully answered.
This game has left me beyond disappointed in the end, and quite the sour taste in my mouth. My disgusting amount of hours in-game speak for themselves: I enjoyed it at one point, but the constant grinding for a game with little reward, hardly any payout for in-game work, the exorbitant prices for any new content, and the experience ruining hacking has left me with little desire to ever play the game again. And, I surely don't plan on it. You, oh reader of my woe, might be able to still save yourself.
Posted: March 7, 2022
I used to think that GTA Online was a good game, even taking into account the many aspects people dislike about GTA Online, I personally enjoyed my time with it for quite some time. However, with the current state of the GTA Online's "PC Experience", I cannot in good faith recommend GTA:O, least you want to put your computer's safety at risk. I am completely outraged at how Rockstar Games have basically taken their cash cow, and destroyed it entirely, not by poor updates (as many other players would likely attest to), but rather, the lack of any updates to where it matters, server security. GTA Online has become fairly outdated, and in 2022, it is nearly unplayable. Hacking is so rampant, it makes CS:GO look like the cleanest game ever made by comparison. Every online session you join is a risk that you take that at any moment, the experience could be ruined by a hacker, either blowing you up repeatedly, teleporting you to the edge of the map, surrounding you in a unbreakable cage, making themselves invincible in PvP, spawning in tanks in non-vehicle PvP modes, and/or completely filling the public chat with racial slurs. I'm not taking from other people's experiences, all of the above has happened to me personally, and there is nothing you can do about it but accept it, which I have done for the past 8 years. I took a break from the game from 2017 to 2021, and when I came back, not only did hacking/modding get even worse, but it has expanded to new lows. Literally every single online session that I have been in has had scammers spamming the text chat with links or discord invites to blatant scams designed to scam you for real money. Recently, the text chat spam apparently wasn't working well enough, so they have expanded to sending you the same scams through the in-game phone texting system as well. Hackers have posted my own IP address multiple times, once in text chat and once through the text messaging system. And get this, players which have acquired a "mod menu" can literally crash your game to desktop with the press of a button. I am not exaggerating when I say that this game has worse digital security and anti-cheat than public Minecraft servers, at least there the game sometimes kicks you for flying, GTA Online can't even do that (a flying bus once picked me up and left me in the Lago Zancudo swamp once, true story). I did not think that this game could get any worse, but today, I found out that rock bottom was not nearly as far down as we could go, as the modders have decided to "grab a pickaxe", so to speak, and lodge it into the skull of Rockstar's servers. Recently modders have realized that they can exploit Rockstar's Social Club system to send every player in the game invites to their own modded session, where they can literally break your game. If you accept one of the constant game invites from a "B-a-l-l-s-t-o-r-t-u-r-e" (without the -'s placed to circumvent Steam's censorship), or if you end up in one of their sessions by chance (which is now very likely since they're also kicking players from other sessions), it will force your game into a spectator mode which you cannot leave from, or give you an error message, preventing you from playing the game outright, even if you quit and restart the game. GTA Online is now literally unplayable, and to say that this complete absence of online security from Rockstar is unacceptable would be the biggest understatement of the decade. The fact that Rockstar could allow their cash cow game to reach such a state is not only reprehensible, but outright despicable. There are no words in the English dictionary that could sufficiently describe my absolute repulsion at what could only be described as the most criminal act of negligent programming in the history of video games. The only way I can explain as to why Rockstar has let the situation grown so out of control is that they have grown so rich from shark card microtransaction money, that they have literally forgotten how to program anything more complex than a "hello world" program, it would certainly explain why the GTA trilogy remaster was such a disaster, and why it has taken them 9 year to even start making GTA 6. It is clear to me that Rockstar is nothing more than an example of the worst excesses of corporate greed, and while I certainly don't believe in the concept of "voting with your wallet", Rockstar Games will never see another cent out of me again, and I strongly urge you to stop playing GTA Online until the game has been cleaned out of hackers and modders, which considering Rockstar performance so far, will likely never happen.
TL;DR - GTA Online is now literally unplayable, due to hackers and modders, and even if it becomes playable again, avoid it like the plague, unless you want your IP address sold off to the highest bidder.
