Posted: September 24, 2023
The game makes me want to kill myself
5 Stars
Posted: February 14, 2020
72% of Siege players are coppers on McDonald’s WiFi, unless they’re on the enemy team, then they’re ex pro league with a well coordinated 5-stack
Posted: August 20, 2023
i get called slurs ive never heard of before
Posted: December 5, 2021
do you hate your self ? do you hate everyone else ? do you like to blame everything else about the game and your internet connection ?
if yes then this is the right game for you
Posted: September 29, 2021
im being called slurs i didn't even know existed
Posted: March 5, 2021
got shot in the head by my own teammate for stealing their kill.
11/10.
Posted: May 21, 2018
u'll never know what was here.
Posted: December 31, 2023
72% of Siege players are coppers on McDonald’s WiFi, unless they’re on the enemy team, then they’re ex pro league with a well coordinated 5-stack.
Posted: September 10, 2023
i get called slurs ive never heard of before
Posted: February 12, 2018
아 어떤 놈이 계정 해킹했습니다. 덕분에 받은 700개 좋아요도 공중으로 증발했네여 시발새끼가

Posted: May 20, 2019
You either die by a spawn peeker, or you live long enough to see yourself become the spawn peeker.
Posted: March 9, 2021
If you want to experience a true abusive relationship filled with stockholm syndrome and pain... this is the game for you. This is just pain.... just pain...
Posted: May 9, 2021
after 1000 hrs of gameplay i am still noob.

Posted: March 10
I would recommend this game to anyone that want to know what it feels like to brutally get pinned by 40 silverback gorillas and sit there while they all take there turn exploring all your holes.
Posted: March 28, 2021
This game taught me how to insult mothers in 12 different languages
Posted: December 27, 2023
competitive racism
Posted: November 24, 2020
Cool game, terrible community
Posted: November 27, 2019
Feel the pressure and judgement of your dead teammates on your shoulders while you profusely wonder how you keep finding yourself in situations of inadequacy and incompetence all around while every update that fixes an issue also creates five more in the process.
Strong shoulders recommended.

Posted: August 28, 2023
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
DO NOT PLAY RANKED IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL STABILITY
Posted: May 28, 2022
***NEWBIES*** At least 50%, if not more, of this game is map knowledge. So don't beat yourself up if you're super lost and everyone is yelling at you over game chat. Just mute the salty people and report them if they TK. Trust me there are a lot of people in the game that will back you up and want to help, so don't let one bad experience make you quit the game for good.
There are a LOT of maps to learn and a lot of small details in every one. It's going to take the average person until your siege level is at LEAST 50 before you really start recognizing map layouts and details on all maps - including room orientation, call outs, soft wall, hard wall, what should be reinforced in each site, common paths of travel, etc.. And then probably until 75 until you're actually comfortable with most maps and operators. I'll give 15% to your own gun skills, 20% to team work and communication (call outs call outs call outs, people. Don't be that guy that just looks at memes after dying. Unless it's casual.), and 15% to your knowledge of the operators and ability to utilize their gadgets.
More tips:
-There are a lot of Diamond/Plat smurfs in newcomer that like to make new accounts and s*** on actual new players because it makes them feel good for some reason, so you're better off playing quick match.
-To learn maps faster, make your own custom games and run around in them.
-When you die, make sure you watch the replay so you know what cheeky angle the enemy was holding and then don't do what you did next time, or use it to your advantage when you switch sides.
-If you're not on cams, watch teammates. Look at the places they check as they sweep rooms. Watch the paths they take. Look at how they engage in gun fights and how they rotate around the map.
-Spend the extra few dollars to buy a version with some operators - it'll make game play more fun for you and you'll have an easier time finding operators that work best with your play style.
-Squad up with friends - being able to communicate and laugh in a discord can really improve the game experience, even if it's just one other person.
-Best way to really understand an operator is to play them, so take advantage when there are siege events that allow you to play whoever you want. Use this information to purchase your next operator with the game currency.

Posted: January 18, 2018
Product received for free
24/02/2019 - My review is entirely obsolete due to them removing the starter edition. They've also changed the prices of the operators, making them more cheaper so hooray!
This is for the people who brought the starter edition... 
If you brought the starter edition, your best option would be to pick 10 operators since base game operators cost 12,500 renown each. So 5 operators each for attacking and defending and the 10 that I'm about to list are possibly your best bet to having the best experience in Rainbow Six Siege.
For the attacking team
Sledge - If you are absolutely new to the game and you don't know where to start, Sledge is one of the best options to choose from. He isn't a hard operator to play with (Considering his name, you should know why...) and the team doesn't rely too heavily on his gadget.
Thermite - One of the best operators in the game because of how good his rifle is with low recoil and high damage. His gadget is also one of the most useful in the game especially for creating a  on reinforced walls. Though, to create that hole, you have to make sure you stay alive, the team relies heavily on him to get into the objective but if it's jammed or electrified...
Thatcher - Thatcher is your main man. One of the biggest problems you'll face as a Thermite are Mute's and Bandit's gadgets which jam or electrify reinforced walls. With Thatcher, all you have to do is throw your EMP grenades and no more 
Ash - She's one of the fastest operators in the game and literally has no hitbox. Her gadget is breaching things from afar, pretty much a breaching grenade laucher which sticks into any surface. Just remember that you'll be called a sweaty try hard from time to time...
Twitch - Now this may be a controversial pick since her drone is about to get nerf'd but her rifle is what keeps her on this list. Her ability isn't that special, basically a drone that can't jump but can shock people and destroy their gadgets. However, her F2, a variant of the Famas, shoots around 980 RPM and it's possibly one of the most deadliest assault rifles in the game.
And now, for the defending team
Rook - He's one of the easiest operators to play and helps the team just by dropping a pack of armor. That's all you have to do and you get to survive one extra bullet and will mostly be put in the DBNO stage instead of death. The only thing you have to remember is to make sure you drop armor in the beginning of the round which a lot of people forget...
Bandit - Bandit's gadget is pretty simple to use as long as you use it on reinforced walls since his gadget is the only one that can destroy Thermite and Hibana's charges on contact. Also, his MP7 is known as a god tier gun, being incredibly easy to use. 
Jager - Aka the ultra sweaty try hard main. To be honest though, there is a good reason why people main this guy and that's because of how good he is. His gagdet may not be that useful at times, having the ability to destroy any type of throwable but I like to call it wishful thinking. Another thing to help him is that he's currently the only defender with an assault rifle so he gets to do more damage than most defenders which only carry SMGs.
Smoke - He's simple but somewhat hard to use. See an enemy trying to get in? Block him out with gas. That's why he's called Smoke. He excels during the last few seconds of a round when enemies are desperately rushing in. 
Mute - He almost works in the same way as Bandit but his gadget has a radius meaning he can block off a Thermite's breaching charges on two walls. He also has the ability to place his jammers anywhere where as Bandit can only place his on shields, barbed wire, and reinforced walls. He is one of the harder operators to play if you don't use him correctly so I'd recommend learning him soon.
Honorable Mentions
Hibana - She's an attacker who serves as an alternative to Thermite. Her gadget is a mix between Ash and Thermite, being able to shoot out 6 pellets and burn through reinforced walls. She's a flexible operator and her ability can be amazing at times. She's a DLC character so she will cost 25,000 renown.
So do I recommend the game?
Absolutely. Even if you buy the starter edition, all it really means is that it will take more time and patience. Siege has a huge learning curve but once you get through it, you will be hooked. I hope this review helped, took me a while but I just wanted to share my thoughts.
Posted: September 13, 2022
It took me 450 hours to realize three things.
1. I'm bad at the game
2. I don't like the game
3. For some reason I keep playing the game
Endscore: 10/10 too many tryhards
Posted: June 14, 2023
this game made me racist and homophobic
Posted: April 5, 2021
Feels like an abusive realationship. Hate it while you're in it, but miss it when you're gone!
Posted: February 28
im more racist now
Posted: November 4, 2023
The best tactical fps in history ...
The only bad thing about this game: It was developed by ubisoft
Posted: June 3, 2016
EDIT: The "Starter Edition" mentioned in this review was temporary and no longer exists. My approval still stands as a $30 sale price means payng for operators with more money up front and less hours over time.
I'll try to inform as well as review here to clarify matters for everyone. I'll preface by saying that the last multiplayer game that I was really into was Titanfall, causing me to become affected by and interested in the loss of players and abandoned servers:
The Starter Edition is a smart implementation by Ubisoft to get more fresh blood onto the servers because the cost of entry was previously too high for many. To be clear: There is no difference between "starter players" and "regular players" besides the amount of time it takes to unlock new Operators (classes). Starter players play on the same servers as everyone else, play on all the same maps, and have all the same unlockable Operators available as everyone else.
To explain how your Starter game would begin, I'll briefly explain how this game (rather generously) doles out content. All maps and Operators are "free" and included in patches, the Operators only being paid for in time played or with UbiBucks if desired. This makes the Season Pass practically useless; on launch it offered a year of minor privileges and early map/operator access which is now a six month or so privilege. This means the player base isn't segmented, and there is no map or operator that you can only acquire by purchasing the Season Pass or DLC. That said, the Starter Edition randomly assigns you one attacker operator and one defender, along with enough UbiBucks to purchase 2 additional operators of your choosing so you start with 4 at your disposal.
Everything you do in the game earns you Renown, which is the fake currency used to purchase operators or weapon skins/cosmetics. Starter players require about 12,000 renown to purchase an operator, while regular players only need about 2,000. Ubisoft calls this "grinding" to reach 12,000, but to me the point of a multiplayer game is that the gameplay is intrinsically fun and it doesn't feel like "grinding" to reach anything; the reward is that the game is fun to play. That being said, I know that in-game progression and unlocks have become a big thing for players these days, and the lack of things to progress towards is often cited as one of the main reasons why people stopped playing Titanfall.
If there's to be things to unlock, I'm actually glad it is the operators. In the 9-10 hours I've mainlined since buying the Starter edition, I earned enough Renown to purchase an "on sale" at 7,500 with a few thousand left over. The "grinding" is offset by daily challenges that offer extra renown, and there's at least one operator "on sale" in rotation every week. Here's the thing, though; operators take awhile to truly learn due to the nature of the game, and things are quite balanced to the point where a new operator is simply a new playstyle as opposed to any signifigant advantage over your opponents. My point is that by the time you really get close to mastering your 4 starting operators, you'll have earned enough renown to unlock a few more and/or bought a couple to see how they play.
That should be the clarifying out of the way. I've always wanted to try this game, from a glance it looked like the evolution of CS:GO I've waited years for without the harshness and indie/mod nature of a game like Insurgency and I wasn't far off. Like many people, it was hard to justify a full $60 purchase when CS:GO is $15 and regularly goes on sale, but Ubisoft has leveled the playing field with the Starter edition and finally made the game accessible to me.
I want to address the issue of the "full price for only multiplayer" argument. I don't see the issue as that was par for years (UT-2k4, Quake 3 Arena, etc.), especially when maps and continued refinements are provided freely with the patches as they are here. This game doesn't need a "campaign"; the addition of a high-budget hollywood inspired heavily scripted corridor shooter that is commonly attached to modern shooters would only take away from the excellent balancing and clash with the gameplay style, failing to teach the player how to experience the meat of the game. Teaching the player how to play is exactly what the single-player content does in fact do. There are 10 "situations", each of which features a different operator and showcases the different skills, gadgets, and most importantly the pacing and nature of jumping into Siege multiplayer. There's also the option to play co-op Terrorist Hunt as a "lone wolf" instead of a team of five if you want to play by yourself. I only wish that multiplayer was playable with bots or that they add this feature in the future, the game already has deadly bots for other single-player content and the possibility is definitely there.
Why would you need to be trained to play a multiplayer shooter, especially if you're experienced with them? Because nothing else on the market plays the way that Siege does. It is a slow game, with time often spent in crouch or prone with sprint used sparingly. The lean left/right buttons are essential to leaning around corners. The "time to die" is extremely fast, with 1-3 connecting bullets being enough to kill most enemies. Some habits such as reloading after every fire need to be abandoned, as the reload speed is relatively slow and the bullets left in your clip could be enough to kill 1 or 2 more people before leaving yourself vulnerable while reloading.
It might be a slow pace at times, but it causes a white-knuckle tension that I haven't seen matched. It's thrilling to rappel up the side of a building, toss a grenade through the window and get a couple kills, then notice that the shrapnel left little holes all over the wooden walls to crouch and score a sneaky kill through. Most losses are tense enough to cause slamming of fists, and that same tension makes a victory give a wild rush that's made me cheer out loud sometimes. Siege is like action/shooter chess, a game that's simple to learn and understand but could take a lifetime to truly master. A high level game of 10 experts has a very high skill ceiling, with operators deploying and blocking deployments while using every angle of the map burned to memory and all the dynamic options of the gameplay. It may not be for you, but my prior multiplayer love was a lightning fast game with giant robots so anything can happen.
The port (if it even is a port) is excellent, offering all the options that PC players expect to scale from low-end to high-end rigs. It has 2 unique AA solutions; an exclusive temporal one that has some ghosting issues but addresses even sub-pixel aliasing, and a unique solution that halves the resolution but applies MSAA between frames to make up for the lost pixels while addressing the jaggies. It has built-in Twitch streaming features. It natively supports Xbox 360/1 controllers and Dualshock 4, offering options for deadzones and sensitivity to make controller play surprisingly viable. Basically, the devs understand PC gaming and this is no hobbled PS4 port.
This is also the first time that I've had to "deal with" Uplay. It's...annoying I guess to have a second client launch on top of Steam, but that's all I notice of it. It doesn't crash, it doesn't use up multiple GBs of RAM, it doesn't install adware and it didn't give me or my computer or my family AIDS. I was expecting at least some of that based on what I've heard, but it simply opens up when the game launches and needs to be closed when you close the game, a minor annoyance at worst for me.
So that was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of words, and I might sound like I'm gushing, but this game really exceeded my high expectations of it. The $15 entry made it possible for me to play, and I wanted to spread the word to those on the fence and explain what you're getting into. Can't wait to put in even more hours.
Posted: February 8, 2023
Product received for free
only thing i like is when ying blinds me so I cant see this game anymore
Posted: December 1, 2023
72% of Siege players are coppers on McDonald’s WiFi, unless they’re on the enemy team, then they’re ex pro league with a well coordinated 5-stack.
Posted: November 4, 2016
Nice Game <3
Ich spiele schon seit längerer Zeit dieses Spiel und kann nun eine bessere Review schreiben, als zuvor.
Ich würde dieses Spiel jedem weiter empfehlen der auf Team Ego Shooter steht , da es in diesem Spiel sehr das Teamplay gefragt ist...
Die Runden dauern nicht als zu lange und wenn man keine Lust auf Ranked hat kann man gechillt Casual spielen.
Ubisoft versucht wirklich das Spiel am Leben zu halten und setzen dies auch gut in die Tat um
Das Spiel reizt einfach es gibt immer neue Spieler man möchte jede Season beweißen was man drauf hat
von mir ein dickes + für Rainbow Six Siege
and btw : THE FUTRE belong to R6S !
So gut wie keine Cheater im vergleich zu den unten genannten Spielen
eine Empfehlung Wert!
This Game got a great Future ahead!
And if you think there are many cheaters.. check out PuBg,Fortnite,Call of Duty,Cs Go
Rainbow Six Siege / Ubisoft is the best Game and you can't change the Facts.
Buy it and try it.
Pro
No toxic Community
Everytime Game Updates
No dropshot anymore
Ban System coming soon
Every Year new Maps / Ops
Good Graphics
Good Gameplay
5Man Squad Fun Gameplay
Nice Elite Skin Animation (IQ) <3 German Babe
New Content every Year
Okay Ingame Mic
Great Ban System
Nice Defend/Attack rounds
This Game is just FUN i love it.
you really really really have to try it boys/girls<3
Posted: March 19, 2023
If they headshot me it is luck, if I headshot them it is skill
Posted: March 26, 2022
Most of the time this game makes me want to hang myself. 9/10 would recommend.
Posted: June 19, 2021
Very good game if you hate yourself and wanna torture your mind
Posted: December 1, 2020
Oh, where to begin?
Most people have a love/hate relationship with Siege. I don't feel like I ever hated this game, but there's times when I feel a bit sad that it doesn't manage to be the best it can be despite the developer's efforts. It's so close to being the definitive FPS experience, but it has quite a few pitfalls that can scare away both new and veteran players alike.
So...
What is it? It's an FPS played in rounds, attackers vs defenders. You get to choose your operator (your "hero" character with semi-unique weapons, gadgets and abilities) and loadout each round, you get one life per round and you win by completing an objective like defusing a bomb, killing all enemy players, defending the hostage and so on.
Attackers scout the map with small camera drones before the start of each round while defenders reinforce walls, set up traps and board doors and windows.
When the actual round starts, you can use your weapon, look at cameras, ping enemies and use your equipment to stop the enemies from completing their objective. You can still try to kill everyone like in most FPS games, but the team and objective play is much more important here, and running around in an open area without a care in the world will probably result in instant death. In fact, dying over and over is part of the core experience of Siege, you are forced to learn from your mistakes or keep dying without having any impact on the round.
Apart from this, there's also a lot of dynamic destruction. All bullets can penetrate "soft" surfaces like wood and thin walls, which makes information an extremely valuable tool in your arsenal. You can also destroy most such surfaces with specific weapons and equipment, creating new pathways and lines of sight. This is the main reason why every round truly feels different, you can say a lot of things about Siege, but lack of variety is not one of them. If you enjoy the core gameplay, you will be playing for years.
The weapons have a great feel to them, they have a lot of recoil and you can lean left and right, aim down sights, crouch, prone and run as well as climb over obstacles. When you figure out the controls it feels pretty natural and other FPS games will seem limited and unsatisfying in comparison.
When it works, it works very well. It can run in most machines despite looking pretty good graphically, I play it in 1440p 144FPS with a 1070 at almost maxed settings.
So this all sounds great, why does Siege have such a bad reputation then?
First off, it has one of the steepest learning curves of any videogame out there. Even if you're already good at FPS games, Siege plays so differently that you need to re-learn a lot of things. If you're new to FPS in general...honestly, Siege is not the title to start with. It's also worth mentioning that the tutorial doesn't teach you anything about the game and is very outdated, plus the training mode is badly implemented and doesn't work properly half the time. The best way to learn is to play real rounds, watch high level players and practice your aim with an external program, which is time-consuming and frustrating.
This is compounded by the fact that Siege is absolutely teeming with smurfs (high level players using secondary accounts to play in low-level lobbies) and quite a few hackers too.
There's a lot of bugs as well, probably due to the destruction physics and complexity of the title. The devs try to fix them, but every patch brings new ones.
Speaking of complexity, the sheer amount of interactions means the game will always have some sort of balance issue and I can't say I'm too satisfied with how it's being handled.
The in-game client is also clunky and awkward, the cosmetics are a mixed bag, most of them are ugly and generic but there's a few cool ones and definitely a lot of variety.
Playing with friends is not mandatory but heavily encouraged, you will have less toxicity, more fun rounds and a much higher win probability.
Last and probably least, Siege isn't really a Tom Clancy game despite its name so if you were hoping for a sequel to Vegas 2, unfortunately Siege isn't that.
I could go into even more detail about the issues, but I think you get the picture by now. Its core mechanics are extremely solid and completely unmatched in the industry, there's no other game that offers the same gunplay and strategical depth that Siege does, which is why it's still around despite all the very obvious and serious problems it has.
Winning a clutch fight is absolutely divine just like getting headshot through three walls feels like crap, it's a game with very high highs and very low lows.
Don't be scared though. Give it a try, a good, honest try with some friends and see how it goes. It might just become your next favorite game you love to hate <3
Posted: March 27, 2023
1,800 hours in and im still bad
Posted: February 12
Product received for free
this game has made me racist
Posted: June 19, 2017
[Description]
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege is a first-person multiplayer shooter that borrows from Counter Strike and hero shooters, mixing it together into a tactical, objective-based shootout where movement is slow and combat is fast. The game features asymmetrical gameplay where the teams are not always balanced in their abilities. Heavy emphasis is put on procedural environmental destruction allowing players to break certain structures by planting explosives, or shooting walls to make bullet holes or even larger ones to climb through.
[Pros]
+ Over 30 operators to choose from, based on real life counter terrorism units, each with their own unique weapons and gadgets.
+ No match will be the same thanks to the diverse cast of characters which is still getting expanded by Ubisoft, even 1.5 years after the game’s release.
+ Precise procedural destruction of most of the games floors and walls resulting in a tactical shooter like no other; simply running and gunning will only get you so far
+ Customization options for guns which also impact the way they operate. From a simple silencer to four different sights and weapon grips or fore grips, everything will change weapon behavior.
+ Pleasing graphics that look great and don’t require a monster PC to push 60 FPS or higher.
+ A fair use of micro-transactions where you can only buy skins and operators with real money but you can also unlock them through in-game currency.
+ You just can’t buy anything that gives you an advantage over other players.
+ Season pass owners get 1 week early access to new operators and all new operators in that year for free along with other skins and small benefits.
+ Maps are free for everyone, it doesn’t matter if you bought the season pass or not, everyone can play together.
+ Incredible sound engine that lets you hear precise enemy movement, like them walking into glass on the floor and other surfaces, or the exact direction where the steps are coming from. This is making good use of 5.1 surround sound or just good stereo headphones.
+ Music is fitting the game’s tone very well you just don’t hear much of it since it is only playing at the beginning and at the end of rounds which in turn is making you not really care for it all.
[Cons]
- Lag compensation, netcode and tickrate is still broken and you sometimes die out of nowhere while your enemy could clearly see you. (This is being worked on and hopefully fixed in the near future)
- Multiplayer against other players or against AI are the only two modes, there is no campaign which I think is a missed opportunity.
- Steep learning curve that can be very frustrating for beginners since regular players of the game will know exactly what walls can be shot through, what angles work best and how to quickly peek corners to make the best use of the sometimes broken netcode.
- Unlocking operators with in-game currency can take a long time based on your willingness to spend time with the game and how good you are. Just stay away from the starter edition or the game will be even more grindy since each base operators cost much much more than they normally would and you will be unable to upgrade to the standard edition once you bought the starter.
[Conclusion]
While this iteration of the series is vastly different than it’s predecessors, I think it’s a solid addition to the series. Rainbow Six Siege is very unique in what it does and we have yet to see a game like it. I recommend it to fans of SWAT 4, Insurgency, and generally anyone who enjoys or is interested in tactical first person games where you have to be cautious of your surroundings, be aware of your enemies abilities, and a strong emphasis on teamwork.
Enjoyed this review? Curious for more recommendations by Excurious Curations? 
Check it out over here!

Posted: October 11, 2023
this game makes me want slam my balls in a waffle iron.
Posted: October 10, 2021
if you hate yourself play this game

Posted: August 2, 2020
Its like a curse. You hate it, but you keep playing it, because you love... to suffer more and more, over and over, again and again. Its consumes you, its take everything from you, but you keep playing it. Overall solid 6/66, could be better, not enough suffering (Ps. Its quite nice there... sometimes, after 666 hours you'll probably feel like at home.)
Posted: May 4, 2022
this game showed me that i touch grass too frequently to be considered good at it

Posted: April 26, 2023
1,000+ hours of my life I am never getting back. That's longer than Jesus wandered the desert. And guess what! I still suck.
Posted: July 11, 2023
I wanna die
Posted: June 4, 2021
csgo and tom clancy's rainbow six siege made me metaphorically retarded
Posted: March 7
I'd rather get my ball hairs pulled by some Indian man with tweezers than play more ranked.
Posted: July 26, 2017
With 400 hours of experience with this game I'd have to say this is the glitchiest, absolutely rage inducing, most broken game you'll ever love.
Posted: December 22, 2018
Tutorial if you want to buy a diffrent version of the game (like if you can get complete but you cant because you bought starter)
1- Go to help in the top left of your screen
2- click steam support
3- click on rainbow or search it
4- "permanantly remove this game from my account"
5- you can now buy complete, advanced, etc
oh also the game is good
Posted: December 14, 2016
Man, I've gone past 1700+ hours now....This game has truly made me addictive heh. Well, here's a review for those considering purchasing this game!
I was in the Closed Alpha, Beta, 2 of the Technical Tests, and the Open Beta (I have the exclusive skin to show off from alpha :3). I've seen this game grow from a game that Ubisoft had originally planned to scrap, to a Wonderful game filled to the brim with people.
Year 3 Update Review (General stuff still stays): Updated January 3, 2018
===================================================
Rainbow Six Siege is Currently with 88,000+ Playerbase on Steam servers alone, and the numbers keep growing. The game is meant to be a Tactical game with droning ahead of time, clearing rooms, and communicating with your Team. Defending a position, flanking enemy attackers, etc.
People compare this game to CoD run-and-gun a lot, which makes me laugh. If they want to run and gun, I hear their *thump, thump, thump* from so far away, I can easily wallbang them (AKA: Shoot them through the wall). Any Person who plays proffesionally will tell you that running is ONLY to be used when your in a safe area, outside, or you know an enemies position/hear him and want to get the jump on them.
CSGO players will compare it, but R6 is a lot less twitch shooting based, and there are several aspects that CSGO doesn't have that R6 does. (but that would take a bit so don't want to bore you)
Now that you have a "general" idea of what this game is about, I want to address the main issues that seem to pop up with people, and talk about them to help alleviate fears of buying. (if I miss something let me know).
=====================================
Toxic Players ----- Generally speaking, most of the playerbase is quite nice, but since the numbers and popularity have made it grow, that won't be as prominent to some, and if they get on your nerves, Mute button is there to use. However, find that nice person whose willing to play with you and laugh with you at ridiclous things, and you've got yourself the start of a squad right there.
Teamkilling ------ A big issue of people who are TK in Ranked and Casual which Ubisoft has taken steps, and are still addressing. If you kill a teammate at the start of the round, you get kicked and penalized (doesn't matter ranked or casual). If you've extensivly TK in other games, you can get banned for longer. Friend and me did a test on it to confirm it.
Cheating ------ If you were to tell me BEFORE Battleye, I would've said STEAR CLEAR OF THIS GAME. However, since the addition of Battleye, there are rarely ANY cheaters now. Despite what you might "think" of a person is hacking, people like myself have trained very hard to get good and you need to be able to identify a cheater from a good player like any other game. Another benefit of Battleye is that it tracks the IP of the offender, and if that person gets another account from the same computer, Battleye can block them, or watch them closely to ban again.
Pay2Win ----- I'm not sure how anybody got this in their head, but there are people out there who do. This is easily destroyed since the game doesn't take weapons and specific operators as it does Skill and Game Knowledge. Plain and simple. For fun i've gone recruit (default class available to new people) and murdered enemy teams in casual. Thermite for example, is one of 2 operators who can breach Reinforced walls, While he can make things easier, he isn't required to win. There is nothing in this game you can't earn from just playing the game. This includes most skins and cosmetics. Pay2win is not anywhere in this game.
Teamkicked By Squads ------ Another thing that's been popping up from time-to-time is people complaining that people in a squad kick them in game to troll. This is something Ubisoft has been working on for a while now, and I managed to talk to a developer on this matter for a brief talk. There IS a program running to "check" frequencies of squads kicking people who aren't in their squad. An easier solution is just to form your own squad of buddies.
Spawnkilling ------ This comes down to game knowledge. In competitive, I'm suprised if they don't try to spawn kill me. You need to know which windows/doors offer the best "peaking" for killing people, and go out carefully. In casual you'll rarely see this as far as I know, but if your going into competitive, this is a heads up to make sure you memorize positions.
Running Outside To kill ------ Another "Game Knowledge" Category that you should know. If you see a completely broken down window/door, be very, very careful of people running out to kill you, or peak kill. Drone it out and kill that pesky roamer! Also, if they have to break down a window/door to get out to try and kill you outside, if you have a decent headset on, you'll hear that "CRASH" in no time. It then comes down to your reaction and pinpoiting the noise location. There are guides out there that can help you see the most prominent ones. If you take time to memorize, you'll get the hang of it!
============================
I removed the netcode question since it was lengthy and put it into the comments section so that I may update this review a bit more thoroughly. Check the comments section if you want to see it!
Update on January 3rd:
Here we are, 2018. Heading into the 3rd year already and more people jumping in as we speak. So where are we at with 2018 and R6 siege? Let's take a look:
We've obtained a higher hertz servers from 50hz to 60hz, along with general improvements to ping, and a high elmination of ping abuse. It's a lot harder to ping abuse now then it was 2015-2016.
We've obtained the final people in Year 2 in the form of Dokkabei, Zofia, and Vigil. Dokkabei being a decent person for most given scenarios, with the ability to help pinpoint enemies, and to hack cameras which is something the community has been wanting for a long time. How she'll play out later is to be determined, but currently she's doing fine.
Zofia is a huge addition to the attacking side with her ability to concuse 4 times and with two built in impact grenades with her launcher. She isn't the "Ash 2.0" that everyone assumed at the beginning because Ash will still be able to peek a lot better, and is better at straight up rushing. Zofia I feel is a slower version of the rush with clearing out Objective rooms primarily, rather then charging in. She's currently a huge asset to the attackers with her versatility (RIP Capitao :/)
Vigil is....interesting to say the least. He's able to prevent drones from seeing him, but they will know he's nearby via a small indicator. He's great for making the attacking team wary about entering an area because they know he's "in that room" but not "where in that room" which is a great deterrent for keeping the clock ticking down.
Apparently, Ubisoft is working on something called "Operation Outbreak"....its also been confirmed which means possible zombie mode. I'm not entirely sure how I feel about this as assets are being diverted to create this, which I feel should be placed more on either the multiplayer, or heck, improving Terrorist Hunt into something glorious.
Ubisoft is also looking into modifying Echo and Castle slightly to perform differently. How we're currently unaware at this point, but it raises the question of how we'll improve one of the biggest operator problems: Tachanka.
Tachanka is still quite useless in most given scenarios. His main problem being no mobility when on his turret. This should be assumed that Tachanka would be able to defend this position quite easily on his turret, but alas, there are still some things that need to be done to solidify the anchor role for him.
That's it for the January 2018!
============================
I hope you have a better idea of the game, its pros and cons, and perhaps I'll see you in Ranked someday!
If you want me to answer some questions, feel free to leave a comment.
Posted: August 6, 2022
I'd rather make love to a roll of sandpaper than play this game. Over the years this game has only gotten weirder and wackier.
I've violated every article of the Geneva Convention in every possible way. I've shot, stabbed, gassed, poisoned and bonked thousands. I am what every war criminal in the Balkans imagines before they close their eyes at night. I was the last image in Slobodan Praljak's head before he drank cyanide in the courtroom. The simple uttering of my name made Oskar Dirlewanger uncomfortable in his big boy officer breeches.
You do not 'play this game casually'. You do not 'play for the community'. There is no community. When you discover the first griefing Frenchman in your lobby, you will realise what an utter waste of time this endeavour was, and how foolish you were to believe that this game would be even tolerable to play.
Half your time will be spent explaining to your squadmates how 'it was a headshot', and the other half will be spent observing Ela's asscheeks on your drone as she reinforces the objective.
The narrative behind Rainbow Six Siege is completely contorted and incomprehensible. It just convinces me that Ubisoft have no idea what the hell to do with this game anymore; I was especially convinced of this after seeing Sens, the newest operator, who has a dead albino porcupine sitting on their head. Really summarises the game after 6 years of constant updates which have only succeeded in making the game feel bloated and turned away thousands of casual players.
Want to play casual? Have fun getting killed by smurfs unable to play at their own skill level.
Want to play unranked? Have fun getting instantly beaned by a cheater four rounds in a row because you can't leave or risk getting banned.
Want to play ranked? Have fun trying to find a non-toxic squad who have enough patience to stick out with you in higher ranked lobbies (which are filled with cheaters, by the way).
It's gotten really bad, and it's only going to get worse. The only reason I'm recommending this game is so you're convinced to share my suffering.
I hope you get a papercut the next time you lick an envelope.
Posted: August 26, 2020
> Play as French guy with giant shield
> Storm a room filled with 4 enemies
> Cant do anything but blocking bullets
> Died eventually
> Team lost the round
> I apologized
> Was expecting insults and yells but they instead said to me "Hey, nice cover, sorry we lost"
tbh 72% of siege players are coppers on McDonald’s WiFi, unless they’re on the enemy team, then they’re ex pro league with a well coordinated 5-stack.

Posted: December 27, 2019
you can shoot team
Posted: December 25, 2021
Playing as Attackers : Defenders are OP
Playing as Defenders : Attackers are OP
Posted: October 3, 2021
It's All Fun And Games Until Someone Types EZ In The Chat
Posted: May 27, 2019
8/10 Rainbow six siege is a damn fine shooter
BUT that doesn't mean its perfect so im gonna explain whats good & whats not
-whats good?
Most of the time shooting in this game seems very fun and balanced unless its a relatively new operator that was just added (more on that topic soon)
the game rewards map familiarity, some maps can have destructible floors, walls and ceilings which makes it highly rewarding to go into custom games and learn them on your own.....speaking of which
custom games! this is such a blessing to have if you really want to take your skills to the next level, also it may help you study any new dlc maps so you can at least know what you're about to get yourself into this season
Free dlc!!!! finally a decent shooter that doesn't seem like all the devs want is money. yes there is cosmetics in game but nothing like "pay to win" but most members of the siege community may disagree with me due in part with the events that happen usually half way through the season (there are 4 season through the year, so you get 8 new ops per year and usually a new map and possibly a new rework on older maps to make them "better") each event is different than the last one minute you are carebears shooting each other the next you are rootin tootin shootin cowboys (at least from what the data miners have found) but they have loot boxes that you must buy at least 50 dollars of if you want All the cosmetic for the event in question
this game heavily requires communication and strategy. Every single operator on the rainbow six team differs from the others, one places bear traps that downs enemies, another has a infra-red sniper scope that can pierce through thick smoke and highlights enemies making it much easier to get distance kills but with that there is weaknesses. the bear traps can be shot to be destroyed and are fairly easy to spot due to how massive they are. the sniper glaz is a powerhouse but when you take a slow sniper against smgs that can shoot faster than you can make a bowl of popcorn, you need to make sure you keep a distance and use recoil against them but also make every shot count one miss could mean it all.
there is an operator for everyone.
you like being slow and able to take some damage? we have that. you can play as fuze who releases a cluster bomb of grenades in a small area that can pinch off the enemy team if placed right. or as doc who heals your team with stimulant shots.
you like being faster than god itself? play ash shes a fast operator that rewards the run and gun style plus her "gadget" is a grenade launcher that allows you to blow away any soft walls that lay in your wake. or as bandit whos able to place car batteries on barbed wire making them electrocute anything that may cross as well as add electricity to any reinforced walls.
or how about a nice mix? you have twitch who can take her drone around and remove enemy's gadgets, cameras and can even inflict damage on the enemy team. or you may play as frost (the bear trap operator).
there is pve as well but its very lacking but it does exist
the devs are also very quick to fix MAJOR bugs in game.
but my favorite thing about this game is the content creators, they all are very fun loving guys and gals and they help support this amazing community.
-whats bad?
there is moments when ranked play can just feel like udder crap, toxicity is very common in this game most time its just bland dry sarcasm or humor that can be taken the wrong way.
new operators are kinda always broke when they first release but are usually fixed not too long later but other times its too long
this game has a high learning curve
headshots are instakills! sometimes it will feel unfair because you will turn a corner and get domed seemingly out of nowhere. so get that aim up dude.
this game has frequent updates to fix a bug or issue but sometimes that just creates more bugs
i hope my review of rainbow six siege helped you out somehow, if you would like to learn this game please add me on here! i can tutor you to be a better player :)
also as a last note here when playing r6 you need to be okay with dying....like alot this game rewards those who learn from mistakes but you can also figure out your own personal preference in play.
Posted: June 27, 2020
You should wear a mask while playing, cause the community is toxic.
And don't forget to grab some friends and teamkill each other.
10/10 would say gn again.
Posted: February 16, 2020
In my 95 hours of play time ive done more screaming and slaming my desk than ever 100% reccomend it
Posted: June 19, 2021
I got verbally abused by Russians that can't speak English.
Fun times
Posted: July 25, 2020
i sold my left lung to buy all the operators
Posted: September 25, 2020
This game is like beer. First you'll hate it, but then you start getting a hang of it. Then you get addicted to it. Your wife leaves you, your children run naked on the roads, the bank impounds your vehicle and sells your house because you can't pay your mortgage, you have dark circles around your eyes. But hey, the good thing is that this game drops you random Alpha packs <3
Posted: October 11, 2023
This game gave me:
· Acne
· AIDS
· Allergies
· Alice in Wonderland Syndrome (AIWS)
· Alzheimer's disease
· Anal abscesses
· Anal Cancer
· Anal Itching
· Anal Tear
· Anxiety disorders
· Arthritis
· Asthma
· Astigmatism
· Autism
· Autoimmune diseases
· Auto-Brewert syndrome
· Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)
· Autistic spectrum disorder (ASD)
· Asbestosis
· Bad breath
· Bacterial vaginosis
· Benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH)
· Bipolar disorder
· Body odors
· Bone cancer
· Bone placement disorder
· Bowel cancer
· Bloating
· Brain cancer
· Brain damage
· Brain tumours
· Bronchitis
· Breast cancer
· Candidacies
· Cataracts
· Carpel tunnel syndrome
· Changes in bowel movements
· Celiac disease
· Cervical cancer
· Chest infection
· Chest pain
· Chicken pox
· Chlamydia
· Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS)
· Chronic illness
· Cold sores
· Colon cancer
· Coma
· Congenital Insensitivity to Pain
· Conjunctivitis
· Constipation
· Common cold
· COPD
· Cough
· Crippling depression
· Crohn's disease
· Corona Virus
· Cystic fibrosis
· Dehydration
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· Dementia
· diabetes
· diarrhea
· depression
· down syndrome
· Dry mouth
· Earache
· eating disorders
· Ebola
· eczema
· endometriosis
· Epilepsy
· Erectile dysfunction
· eye cancer
· eye disorders
· Fatigue
· fibroids
· fibromyalgia
· Foreign Accent Syndrome
· Farting
· flu
· food poisoning
· Fungal nail infection
· Gallbladder cancer
· Gallstones
· genital herpes
· gonorrhea
· Gum disease
· Graves' disease
· hallucinations
· Hashimoto's thyroiditis
· hay fever
· Hearing loss
· hepatitis A, B, C, D and E
· herpes
· high cholesterol
· HIV
· Hodgkin's disease
· Human Werewolf Syndrome
· Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome
· HPV
· hypertension
· Immediate bowel syndrome
· Indigestion
· Ingrown toenail
· Itching
· Itchy bottom
· Joint abnormalities
· Kidney cancer
· Kidney infection
· Kidney stones
· Leg cramps
· Liver cancer
· Liver disease
· Lung cancer
· Measles
· Mesothelioma
· Mouth cancer
· Nasal and sinus cancer
· Nosebleed
· Obesity
· Osteoporosis
· Old man syndrome
· Pancreatic cancer
· Panic disorder
· Parkinson's disease
· Personality disorder
· Persistent Sexual Arousal Syndrome
· Prostate cancer
· Radiation poisoning
· Reactive arthritis
· Restless legs syndrome
· Walking Corpse Syndrome
· Shingles
· Shortness of breath
· Skin cancer
· Sore throat
· Sugar cravings
· Sunburn
· Stiff Person Syndrome
· Stoneman Syndrome
· Stomach cancer
· Stroke
· Sexually transmitted diseases (STD's)
· toenail fungus
· Tuberculosis
· T-posing syndrome
· Urinary track infection
· Vomit disorder
· Whooping cough
· Yellow fever
· Yeast Infection
 
Posted: June 9, 2019
Tachanka.
Posted: January 1
This game made me racist and homophobic.
Posted: December 8, 2023
New season with new penalty system for disconnecting but your game won't stop crashing. Shame on u
Posted: November 13, 2023
GOOD GAME, wife divorced me and got the kids. Now i have more time to jiggle peak and watch videos about strats. Also I am racist now.
Posted: November 6, 2023
I've been called racial slurs I didn't know existed. Now I use those words against others, and the cycle continues.
Posted: December 4, 2023
You either die by a spawn peeker, or you live long enough to see yourself become the spawn peeker...
Posted: April 26, 2022
This game makes me significantly more suicidal, would recommend 🖤
Posted: September 29, 2020
If you like looking at a doorway for 3 minutes, then looking away only for a person to come through that doorway just as you look away. This is the game for you.
Posted: June 26, 2020
Gameplay: 10/10
Graphics: 7/10
Story: What story?
Soundtrack: 7/10
Length: Neverending
Difficulty: First 50 hrs you won't understand anything.
System requirements: Average gaming PC
Worth buying: Yes
Verdict: Wasn't that a headshot!?!
Posted: June 1, 2021
> Play as French guy with giant shield
> Storm a room filled with 4 enemies
> Cant do anything but blocking bullets
> Died eventually
> Team lost the round
> I apologized
> Was expecting insults and yells but they instead said to me "Hey, nice cover, sorry we lost"
To be honest 72% of siege players are coppers on McDonald’s WiFi, unless they’re on the enemy team, then they’re ex pro league with a well coordinated 5-stack.
Posted: August 20, 2022
i hate this game with all my being. everytime i open this game it hurts. 10/10 would play again
Posted: January 18
I like blowing dudes
Posted: January 10, 2023
Add Tachanka Bikini Skin
Posted: January 29
GOOD GAME MADE ME WANT TO END IT ALL
Posted: July 24, 2023
Product received for free
So, only 50 hours on the game and I've been called the n-word more than i could remember. 10/10 i recommend it.
Posted: December 2, 2015
You're not a proper Fuze player until you've killed baptised your first hostage.
Posted: December 1, 2017
Step 1: Pick Fuze
Step 2: Place cluster charge onto hostage room door
Step 3: Prepare to make Mother Russia proud as you detonate the charge
Step 4: kill all 11 players including yourself and the hostage
Step 5: Bask in your glorious victory
Posted: August 31, 2020
The best tactial, high resolution Ego Shooter Game ever released.
Absolutly great game, with really cool updates always.
The operators are also very detailed and brings everytime new cool stuff in that game.
Must have this game in his library definetly.
Posted: November 25, 2017
game is fun to play but there is one minus for those who buy ranbow six siege: starter edition the prices are so high and for you to unlock one operator you will need to spend atleast 12500 points it's around 16-20hrs
and other thing i don't like that you can't buy full game after you bought starter edition
they should add that.
And from my point of view they would make more money people would be like this
hey i wanna try this game *buys Rainbow Six Siege: Starter Edition for 14.99eur*
Hey this game is actually fun *buys full edition of the game for 29.99*
They would make 5eur per person who would do that so i don't understand why not add this option
Posted: December 9, 2015
> Play as French guy with giant shield
> Storm a room filled with 4 enemies
> Cant do anything but blocking bullets
> Died eventually
> Team lost the round
> I apologized
> Was expecting insults and yells but they instead said to me "Hey, nice cover, sorry we lost"
10/10, hope the community stays that way
Posted: May 12, 2019
This is a very unique tactical shooter experience with tons of new content every season. The community can be a bit toxic, but what can you do... All in all 10/10, would play again.
Posted: July 31, 2023
gave me a porn addiction.
Posted: December 26, 2022
1. launch game
2. wait for your friends
3. realise your friends dont like this game anymore
4. contemplate your loneliness
5. decide whether to play alone
6. close game
7. go cry in a corner
Posted: April 16, 2022
if you hate yourself, this is the game for you!
edit: 400+hours in and i just can't stop hating myself :)
Posted: April 3, 2022
You gain a level of virginity after playing this game.
Edit: Thanks for the awards!! :)
Posted: August 10, 2021
played 1000+ hours of this game and can say with confidence that this game is the sole reason I'm still alive to this day. every time i feel like I'm a failure and cant do anything right I play this game and see how Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥♥ up more than me, they never fail to amaze me with more bugs with every update.
Posted: August 11, 2016
Quite literally had a guy on my team named Koolaid Man and the only character he played as was Thermite.
He proceeded to scream into his microphone "OOOOOHHHH YEEAAAAAAH" everytime he breached.
this was the best match I've ever played in any multiplayer game.
12/10
Update: found him and befriended him, we are now the sledge/thermite koolaid tag team. Enemies beware.
Posted: November 20, 2018
A.) I love this game, I have a lot of fun playing this game. I recomond it.
B.) My main point, this game has gotten a review bomb of thousands of negetive reveiws due to Operation Censorship. If you don't know what this is, Ubisoft made a desision to censor many things like blood, slot machines, the stripper neon sign, and many things like that. They made this desision to appease China since they wanted to move market to them. Many people were angry and rightfully so. Although, Ubisoft has changed their mind. Because of what they were about to do, Recent reviews have gone from very positive to mixed and even all reviews have gone from very positive to mostly positive. I'm making this positive review to educate you that they have chosen to cancel operation censorship and will me undoing all the changes that would have come with opperation Wind Bastion. If you are reading this and you wrote a negetive review purly because of this, please take it down now that operation censorship has been cancelled.
Posted: September 20, 2023
10/10: Please do not think about purchasing this game, if you already have, please refund it. Every single time i get into a ranked match I want to but my male genitalia between two anvil and smash them to mush. I think I am genuinely developing mental health issues because this game; I am starting to see bugs on my walls out of the corner of my eye. I don't even know why I keep coming back to this game anymore, I want to jump into a ball pit full of HIV covered spikes. Every match I play without friend I indubitably get paired with the most primal, foolish, and empty-headed monkeys; it actually feels like I'm playing with four brick walls. I haven't taken a shower or brushed my teeth or seen my family in weeks because of this game. Someone please help.
Posted: July 12, 2022
***NEWBIES*** this game is at least 50%, if not more, all about map knowledge.
So don't beat yourself up if you're super lost and everyone is yelling at you over game chat (community can be toxic at times). Just mute the salty people and report them if they TK. Trust me there are a lot of people in the game that will back you up and want to help, so don't let one bad experience make you quit the game for good.
There are a LOT of maps to learn and a lot of small details in every one. It's going to take the average person until your siege level is at LEAST 55 before you really start recognizing map layouts and details on all maps - including room orientation, call outs, soft wall, hard wall, what should be reinforced in each site, common paths of travel, etc.. And then probably until 80 until you're actually comfortable with most maps and operators.
More tips:
-There are a lot of Diamond/Plat smurfs in newcomer that like to make new accounts and s*** on actual new players because it makes them feel good for some reason, so you're better off playing quick match.
-To learn maps faster, make your own custom games and run around in them.
-When you die, make sure you watch the replay so you know what cheeky angle the enemy was holding and then don't do what you did next time, or use it to your advantage when you switch sides.
-If you're not on cams, watch teammates. Look at the places they check as they sweep rooms. Watch the paths they take. Look at how they engage in gun fights and how they rotate around the map.
-Squad up with friends - being able to communicate and laugh in a discord can really improve the game experience, even if it's just one other person.
-Best way to really understand an operator is to play them, so take advantage when there are siege events that allow you to play whoever you want. Use this information to purchase your next operator with the game currency.
Posted: February 8
i still suck at this game
Posted: May 25, 2019
This is directed to the kid i was playing with a week ago, I hope that the tornado near your home passed and your family is safe
Posted: February 11, 2020
Initially I started playing Rainbow Six Siege back when it was released. I absolutely loved the game, especially as a fan of competitive shooters like CS:GO.
I have since then came back to Rainbow six Siege multiple times as it's just a blast with friends.
Rainbow Six Siege is a tactical shooter where one team defends and the other one attacks. At the start of each round the defenders get time to set up their defense, while the attackers get time to scout the level, and see how the defenders are setup.
Both Attackers and defenders have multiple operators(52 total at the moment of writing) that can be bought with points that are earned in-game. Each operator has it's own weapons as well as gadgets that require a unique play style.
The cool part about this, is how in-depth everything is. All these weapons, gadgets and maps make sure you never know what to expect and always need to adjust and work together with your team.
Not only this, but it's just awesome to zip line on buildings, blast through roofs and sneak around in all the different maps.
The graphics are good, especially for an older game and sound design is amazing.
Sound also makes up for a big part of the gameplay as listening to footsteps can be crucial.
So to sum it up, would I recommend this game? Yes ofcourse! But you do have to like competitive shooters. However, good to note is that this game relies less on pure aim then games like CS:GO, as it's more about strategy.
Posted: April 8, 2021
Good game, hate it.
Posted: December 2, 2015
Completely removing my 6 year old "Best community ever" review and editing it to say "One of the worst communities ever"
The game itself is great. A majority of the people you'll play with are not.
Posted: August 28, 2019
You will get spotted
You will miss a drone
You will accidentally a teammate, or even the hostage, trying to get a drone
You will get teamkilled accidentally
You will get teamkilled purposfully
You will injure or kill yourself or others with c4
You will forget to put down rooks armor
You will forget to take rooks armor
You will get spawn camped
You will try to spawn camp back, but fail
You will be subjected to bad match making
You will be subjected to bully shields
You will try to shield bully back, but get headshot while fully facing the enemy. as montange.
You will get flanked
You will get anally blasted by shotguns
You will try shotguns, but find out they're only for the experianced
You will play as thermite, and die before you can do your job
You will get four consecutive headshots on a guy, only for him to slowly turn, eyes glowing, and shoot you while laughing
You will be on the bad end of pour hitreg
You will be on the good end of pour hitreg
You will play against russian/chinese/japanese/brazilian people with high ping because there's no region locking
You will play with russian/chinese/japanese/brazilian with high ping because there's no region locking
You will be the only one on the objective when the first breach charge goes off
You will ask for your dumb roaming teammates to return to lend a hand
You will witness your teammates, friends and lovers all die around you, one at a time, until you're the only one left
You will be the last one alive against a full team
You will be cold and alone inside the objective
You will suddenly be subjected to the defening cacophony of doors, windows, walls, ceilings and floors explode together and in rapid succesion
You will cower in the one corner where LoS hasn't been broken
You will pop your head up in hopes of one kill before death
You will, somehow, see that all the enemy team are looking the other way
You will know what you must do
You will, instead of what any sane, reasonable man would do, you gracefully toss your nitro cell right in the midst of them
You will detonate said nitro, and get a 6 player multikill (5+1 hostage)
You will loose the round, but it will be all worth it
Posted: November 21, 2023
It's like addiction. You ragequit because the game is bad. But keep playing because other games are worse
Posted: March 7, 2021
Makes me suicidal
Posted: November 3, 2017
I am not sure if you noticed, but I don't play multiplayer first person shooters at all. With the exception of games like TF2 that I played a long time ago, and that was just goofing around on my computer that barely boot up. I mostly avoid it because I suck at these sorts of games. I have terrible aim, terrible reaction time, terrible eyesight, and add in a pinch of just being plain crap. So why this? And better question, if I am so bad, how can I even possibly do well and recommend this game?
Well I started playing the game because a friend told me to buy it to play with them. Everyday they would ask me to buy the $20 version of the game so I could play with them. Keep in mind this was maybe 5-6 months after the game launched, so I know it had a rough launch and was not well received. Eventually I just caved and bought it so they would not bug me anymore. I played some matches, I was understandably bad, as expected. Sarah being bad at first person shooters is not a new thing, it is just a fact of life. The game still felt really cool and tactical feeling though, so I kept with it until I unlocked some new operators to try out.
After unlocking them, I was also bad with them. I messed up bad, felt embarassed, wanting to hide in a corner and cry for embarassing myself in front of the everyone. But I stuck with it, learned, and was to a lesser degree, a useful member of the team. As long as I got whatever my operator ability was used up, I could experiment without worrying about being useless to the team. I tried things out, practiced more, got better, tried new things.
Where did that put me? Well my aim is still bad, I still miss obvious stuff, and I still cant peek a door and get someone before they get me. But what I did learn was that you can still win with better tactics, instead of always needing more skill. See, I just need an extra half-full second, if I can use spacial positioning or some other way to gain that extra reaction time, I stand a chance. With better tactics, you can usually counter many skilled players. Thats how I can get the success I have had in this game. It feels like it rewards more than just raw aiming/reaction time skill.
The game is good, and has only gotten better. Over time they have ironed out many problems the game had early on, and the new characters are always a treat to use. The only thing that has gotten worse is the community, with all the csgo kids moving over to playing Siege, but that is tolerable at the very least.
As for which game pricing option to get, the $20 one is not a bad choice to check out the game and see if you like it. If you do, you can spend $40 in the in game credits to unlock all the base game operators (thus equalling the normal game purchese price, meaning no net loss for you). It is what I did.
So in other words, I highly recommend it. Coming from someone who does not like multiplayer first person shooters, I think that is saying a lot
Posted: December 4, 2020
that should have been a headshot but gg
