Posted: December 9, 2021
I started with 1 guy
I was then enslaved promptly
Being enslaved wasn't so bad, you get food and health benefits
Spent 1 week in game training strength, atheletics, and laboring by day
Lockpick, thievery, and stealth under masters noses by night
Tried to train assassination 1 night, which promptly turned into training dodge, melee attack/defense and martial arts
I ended up surrounded by many slavers and went down
Health benefits kicked in and they patched me up, put me back in the cage
Repeat process until I am literally an enslaved god
Release myself effortlessly from my cage and proceed to beat down entire force of slavers with bare hands, release any slaves I find along the way, who assist me in beating down previously mentioned slavers
I escaped and many slaves joined my band outright, all of whom had good stats from being enslaved themselves so long
Beat down Holy Nation 30 days later with band of angry ex-slave martial artists
10/10 would be a slave again
Posted: November 25, 2023
First time starting. Set off in a random direction, got chased by a bunch of bandits and beaten up. Died after 3 ingame hours.
Second start, wandered around a town, got into a bar fight, died. survival time 2 ingame hours.
Third start, picked a different starting location in the desert got sniped by a noble. Survival time 15 minutes ingame time.
Fourth start, beaten up by some starving beggars, wake up again badly wounded to limp to a town for help, got eaten by beak things. Survival time 1 day 2 and a half hours. Improvement!
Almost 5000 played hours later, I've destroyed factions and nations, made fortunes as a traveling trader, stole from the rich (and the poor) as a lone ninja, travelled as a nomad, built my own city, been a slave and a slave trader, a bounty hunter, a ronin, a farmer, a fisherman. I've cleared ancient ruins and salvaged old tech, survived camping in the wilderness and killed a leviathan in a duel. I've lived many lives, died many deaths to get there...It's been a journey.
10/10 would die many deaths again.
Posted: February 7, 2019
I won't try to convince you, but let me tell you how my... 5th playthrough went.
My 1st to 4th went... poor and I died fast completely lost and confused.
I never really used a guide. I was running around trying to scavage food and money to buy food for myself.
I noticed there was a slave outside who had just escaped from his captors. Slave... so that means there's people who own slaves? I figured maybe someone will pay for him.
So I sneak up behind the hapless slave and bonk him on the head. Then I carry him around. Eventually I come across a slaver who pays me money for the slave. Good money. Like, I can eat for a week money.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! I found my calling! I'm gonna be a slaver!
So I start running around capturing escaped slaves here and there and selling them back to the slaver's guild.
Then I come across a big skirmish going on between two warring factions. I hide out behind a rock, wait for the fighting to die down, then I sneak in, steal some of the loot, and capture someone to sell as a slave.
Eventually my enterprise gets profitable enough where I can recruit a few fellows to go slave hunting with me. One of them was a local drunk and mentally slow fellow. He becomes my best friend, as he's really strong so can carry more.
We travel the lands as wandering slavers, capturing poor unfortunate fools and selling them. We loot and pillage. It all goes pretty well.
Then one day another slaving band is walking by us and decides we'd make pretty good slaves. My team gets rolled. We're now all captured. Now it's our turn to be slaves. Except as they travel to the slave camp they get ambushed by hungry bandits. I make my escape and free my dumb friend.
We make a run for it across the desert sands, broken and hungry. But accidentally we stumble across desert skimmers, giant insects that hide in ambush under the sand. They tear us limb from limb, then leave us to die.
Our bleeding corpses attract wolves, who then come to feast on us... while we're alive. I get eaten limb from limb, and eventually bleed to death.
That's when I was completely sold. Like, not figuratively. See, this whole time I was playing an... unofficial version of the game, due to my huge skepticism over the whole thing and the awful graphics. This extended demo easily convinced me to pay full price for it on Steam.
Now, 107 hours in I'm still discovering crazy new things in the world. Every new area holds crazy new life and mysteries. The first time I encountered the fogmen and their ritualistic eating. The first time I saw blood spiders. The first time I opened an ancient lab. It's just so fun to explore and learn without reading a guide or getting my hand held.

Posted: December 11, 2018
"...Even if it wasn’t going to sell a single copy, I’d still make it." - Chris Hunt 2012
I'm glad that you did.
Posted: January 5, 2023
I had to uninstall this game before each semester so I didn't fail.
Posted: September 19, 2022
My main character I started the game in was a Greenlander Human named Roulette. I had this character concept in my head of a character who was lithe, not a heavy hitter but fast moving and adept at stealth. As I continued to play I ran into a Skeleton (basically robots) NPC named Bland, who joined my party. Bland eventually became adept at hand-to-hand combat and could roundhouse kick several fools at the same time. It was amazing.
Much later on, I found the skin bandit camp. Skin bandits are a group of insane Skeletons (robots) who think they're human, so they capture humans and throw them into the peeler machines to make really gross, patchwork skin outfits for themselves. If you have a Skeleton character they will not be hostile to them but will call them a "skinless freak".
I remembered reading that I could use their peeler machines to replace my Skeleton's limbs with the masterwork robotic ones I stole from Shark during a town-wide gang war I instigated by standing in a spot I wasn't supposed to be in. Problem is, Bland the Skeleton's lockpicking skill was way too low so he would die in the peeler machine before he could break himself out, so Roulette would have to sneak into the camp to sit and wait until his arms and legs were permanently broken off.
Another problem while doing this was that I forgot that I had knocked the skin bandit's leader unconscious, dragged him back to the United Cities and bountied him for $80,000, so when Bland got into the peeler machine the skin bandits were running up to the second floor and were trying to beat the crap out of him with their clubs. So, I had continuously knock them unconscious, rip their CPU units out of their heads to kill them, repair the damage they did to Bland while he's being peeled (but not too much), then knock the next arriving bandit unconscious. This resulted in a sizable pile of skin bandit bodies piling up.
Once Bland's arms and legs were ripped off I broke him out and started to attach his newer, stronger limbs - only to realize, far too late, that I actually just had TWO RIGHT LEGS. This meant I had to carry Bland out of town while fighting hunger while another character, who was chilling in the town of Mourn, had to Naruto run to another town to find a sufficient left leg for Bland. Only the isolated stronghold of Mongrel would do, and it was surrounded by creepy Hivers known as "Fogmen" who engaged in ritualistic cannibalism upon their captives.
After nearly dying to hunger and almost being eaten by carnivorous giraffes known as Beak Things, Roulette and Bland made it back while their friend managed to return with a left leg for the latter. This entire process took about two hours of real life time.
Kenshi is a genuine "sandbox experience". There are no objectives, no directives. Outside of a few pre-generated backgrounds that can make your start easier or much difficult, you are spawned in and are left to your own devices. The game only ends if you get bored or if every single one of your characters dies.
It's great.
Posted: December 14, 2018
You are not stronger than anyone else.
Especially:
You are not stronger than a band of twenty bandits roaming the world in search of food.
You are not stronger than a pack of wild bonedogs.
You are not stronger than a city guard.
Kenshi is a very enjoyable, FUN game, but the FUN should be understood in a Dwarf Fortress sense.
If you hate Dwarf Fortress, you might not find Kenshi a pleasant experience.
If you love Dwarf Fortress though, as I do, may Armok smile upon your efforts, as there is a lot of FUN here to be had.
You and your team are going to have multiple unpleasant experiences.
Beaten up? Knocked out? Lost a limb? Jailed? Enslaved? Killed?
This will happen and you will carry your wounded to a bed, so they can recover, if you have managed to stabilize them enough to not lose them on the way. You will replace their limbs, break them out of jail, or you will bury them in the desert.
My experience of Kenshi after first few days of playing with it:
I've played it safe, had a house in a city, earning my living by some mining, cooking my own food, training the new orphan girl I hired from the Hub to do things around the house. Never stole a thing, except looting some bandits who died when they chased me to a ninja trading outpost. Ninjas ain't no joke.
On one of the mine trips we've got attacked by hungry bandits again. We've run to the guards, and they pacified the bandits, but my trusty companion Ruka got hurt in the head really bad.
I've carried her to the town, it was night, all shops were closed, and we had no bandages to stop her bleeding and they didn't have any at the bars. Got to use all my money, 6k cats, to hire a guy who said he is a medic. He was and he had the bandages and all the fancy medical stuff and he saved her. She got way stronger since then, my brave Ruka, sometimes she even helps City guards with the bandit criminals. The medic name is The Wall, he is a bit lazy, but we keep him busy training with the crossbow turret and making medkits at home. We're glad to have him.
Sometimes I go out in the desert, hunting goats, bonedogs, or mighty garru. It takes a lot of kiting with the crossbow to down an animal, but I can always use the training in both crossbows and running. I'll get better.
We've started our own camp, few minutes away from the city gates, wanted to mine stone, so we could make our own building materials, as the store in the city doesn't have such a strong supply. We had the production facilities set up, but not the walls, some raiders came, claimed the place as their own, they were armed and armored, we were not a match, so we just ran. We will get back our camp at Crossroad Wreck one day. The orphan girl got good at researching too and we already know how to build decent walls and proper crossbow turrets.
I frequently visit the explorers shop, just down the street when we run with Rukka with backpacks full of Iron every morning, to increase our strenght. They have books there, some of them tell stories about riches in the swamps, and the dangers there. We will go there too, in time.
Conclusion:
There is no winning at Kenshi. There is no victory condition set out for you. This is a good thing.
It is a storytelling device, a sandbox, a plaything.
You play it, like you would play with your lead soldiers back in the day when there were toys that were not computer programs.
Your experience depends entirely on what you chose to do when you play with it. Play it as the RPG, immerse in the story that unfolds, however grim and unforgiving it might be, and you will surely have an interesting story out of every attempt.
I bought it exactly for that, and if you're looking for a storytelling device set in a post-apo alien-world mad-max drifter samurai ninja robot setting... well, friend... there is no other game that will scratch that itch.
Update after 158 hrs in the game:
Squin life was going pretty slow and easy, as town life should be. We made pretty big money mining and we hired all the Shek warriors that were looking for work in Squin bars. They're Ruka's squad now and we call them "Black Guard". You should see them how they deal with bandits nowadays. Namir, tall as a mountain, with this tiny high quality sabre in his giant hand, Ruka with a plank worth twice as much as our house, sweeping it like a scythe through a field, cutting down the enemy as if they were blades of dry grass. Loudmouthed Kang and quiet Nines, both good with the Sabre too, and two medics, all well equipped with the best armor of our own production.
They're no joke now. The entire roof of our house was dedicated to their training for months. Weightbenches, training mats, attack training dummies, we had it all. Plus two cages where we kept whatever we could catch. A knocked out Garru, a wild Bonedog, or a Bandit. We mostly used those to train defense.
I've went to Hub once again, recruited that sweet cook Molly, she was the first person I ever spoke to in the Hub, back then, when I only had a rusted iron stick to my name, a ragged shirt and a pair of pants. She now makes our cactus food, while the orphan girl Heft works the crossbow turret at the Crossroad Wreck entry gate. We have double perimeter walls and enough turrets to perforate a small army to look like Garru cheese. Invaders do not get to live long. That group that threw us out of our town, back when we just placed first production facilities... Last time they came, the fight lasted around a minute and we had really hard time trying to stabilize just a few of their dying to save them for the fight house.
Times have changed. Our fields of cactus, hemp, and wheat whisper softly in the northern wind. We are essentially independent of Squin right now. Wind turbines whirl, lights flicker, water burbles in the wells. A life we have built in this at first sight inhospitable desert, did not come easy, but that makes us cherish it even more. In a shadow of this giant wreck of a mysterious ancient structure we have made a safe place to call our own. To build what we wish, and how we wish it. We've researched almost everything we possibly could from the books available at Squin adventure shop and I see our Chief Smith Engineer Foren sometimes standing on the roof of the industry building, looking west. We brought her from the waystation that way, and she says somewhere beyond there are places where hidden knowledge and treasures lie, waiting to get discovered and claimed.
We also brought a Bugman named Hep from that place. A funny looking, tiny, very thin fellow. An extraordinary nighttime operator. It is not a problem for him to sneakily knock someone out and carry them away. We had him actually steal a prisoner from Squin tower once. A cute, but angry looking girl with one hand. We brought her home, healed, fed, she didn't mind joining us. I mean, who would? We bought her a robotic arm from a Hiver caravan, it goes well with a drifter jacket. For now we've attached her as crossbow girl to the Special Ops squad. Our army needs to branch out, if we're to conquer the wasteland.
I imagine we will go west soon. Once we're ready. Until we do, remember our name.
It is: Iron Dawn.
Posted: January 23, 2023
I've played for a few hours now, I suppose it's fair to give Kenshi a review.
My first impression of Kenshi when I loaded it up was:
"What the hell have I just bought? Ugh, the camera is so clunky and awkward, and the graphics are a bit grim. . . Oh my guy is dead. . . "
I gave Kenshi another chance. I got used to the controls, and started to play as a 3rd person thievery rpg.
And the rest of the day disappeared, as I became invested in improving my character's thieving skills, and prowled different towns for loot to amass wealth.
I had so much stuff I needed to hire help to carry it, recruiting some randoms at a tavern. I even got lucky and bumped into some nomads selling pack animals. I became a trader, selling stolen loot from one town to another.
I became rich, and with an entourage of followers I decided to start a colony.
I found a lush fertile plain with rivers flowing through it. I decided this was the place. With the rivers acting as a natural defence, I built an apocalyptic looking motte-and-bailey.
Unfortunately the land belonged to slaving, holy zealots, who hate women, and anything that could be considered a 'xeno.'
A horde of armoured paladins and zealots attacked, leaving me no choice but to abandon my home, losing some followers and precious belongings.
Thus, back to trading, this time with a motive. Revenge.
Amassed more wealth. Recruited more followers. Geared them up. Went back home to find the holy (insert choice profanities here) had left. Revived the colony. Focused on defences, big walls, manned turrets, only way in or out was to swim the moat.
Sent Beep to buy supplies. Beep got captured by cannibals. Beep died.
Next time the paladins attacked, I slaughtered them. And of course, looted them!
Many hours passed as I built an army, and invaded the Holy Nation.
After countless victories and defeats, my people grew stronger and I eventually captured the Holy Nations leaders. I sold them into slavery (after removing their arms and legs), and made allies of the other nations who hated them.
Now I have a self sustaining colony of farmers, miners, and skilled craftsmen who make everyone's gear. A squad of semi robotic ninjas. And an army of heavily armoured samurai, accompanied by an entourage of war beasts.
In conclusion:
I realise I've played Kenshi as an RPG, an RTS, an open world survival sandbox, an economic colony sim, a trader sim, and as a story driven adventure.
I've barely explored the map, and met but a few of the game's colourful characters.
With such a devoted modding community, there's always something new to add to the game. You can add cosmetics, alter game mechanics, add new monsters, characters, items, or just completely revamp the game in its entirety.
At near 200 hours I realise I still have plenty to do in Kenshi. And I know I'll put another 200 hours into it.
Though be warned, this is not an easy game initially. You will lose, often. But your characters that survive will be stronger for it.
If you want to chill, and approach Kenshi with a laid back manner, you'll likely enjoy.
Posted: June 15, 2021
The first time I played Kenshi I spent barely 10 minutes trying to figure out what the hell was I supposed to do. The UI was ugly, the graphics were horrid, the learning curve was more like a learning canyon. I hated it. I put it down and never picked it back up for a months.
Then I decided to give it another shot. It was as bad as I remembered. Since I kept starving I decided to try and steal some bread. Got beaten up. Got enslaved. Quickload...I did not save. So I was stuck I had to get out of this situation by myself.
Being a slave sucked. I just got dragged around doing hard labour and I was always on the verge of starvation. I tried again to steal some food but I was caught by the guards, beaten into e pulp and forced back into the cage. I think I spent something like 20 hours of game play trying to escape but always got caught.
And yet I persisted. I did not want this game to beat me. So I started running out of my cage at night, stealing food and hiding it where I could find it easily. By then I was pretty good with locks, so why not trying to free as many slaves as possible? We were discovered of course, so we ran. We ran like hell but of the 12 slaves I freed only me and two others managed to escape. Nowhere was safe for us, so we ran where no one would follow us. Into a foggy region to the west, inhabited by monsters.
My first night in a warm bedroll underneath a starry sky felt INCREDIBLE. I was free again, I was a man again. An angry man. A man thirsty for vengeance and justice.
So began the revolt of Starving Jak and his Ronins of the Mist.
Now here I stand, hundreds of hours later, telling you that every slaver I could find has been put to the sword and that every man, women and child of Kenshi is now free.
This is my story. Now buy this game and write yours.
Posted: November 22, 2018
I didn't pick up this game initially because I thought it was just another swordy fighty battle game. I'm so glad I went for it eventually anyway.
If you want a swordy fighty game, you've got one.
If you want to build a farm and lovingly tend your cactus plantation, here you go.
If you want to go on a crusade to free slaves and bring slavers to justice, go do it.
If you want to fight off hoardes of cannibals, get to it.
If you want to grow, process and smuggle drugs for profit, that's fine.
If you want to form a band of ancient robots and take on the holy empire that's fine too.
If you want to travel around looting rare and ancient artifacts from forgotten and crumbling ruins then there's plenty to do.
If you want to acquire a pack of tame dogs and use them to hunt weirdly humanoid spider things? No problem.
If you just want to explore a map that's the size of the Isle of Wight, packed full of things to hunt, fight, grow, eat, kill, explore, buy, sell and occasionally have a chat with, in the midst of THE most beautiful and surprising videogame landscape I've ever seen in thirty years of gaming? This is your game.
If I'd never bought it I can honestly say I would have missed out on years of the most enjoyable gaming of my life... and it isn't even fully released until a couple of weeks time.
Get it and get it now.
__________
Full release: Still stunning, still eating up way more of my life than can possibly be a good idea.
Kenshi: No regrets.
Posted: January 25, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I remember when I first got this game, back in summer of '13. I had started out with nothing but the clothes on my back, some cash, and a rusty sword.
First thing to do was to find some buddies to help, and so I went to the nearest town. In a tavern I met a short bald man (though we were all bald back then). His name was Dirt, and this was my new best friend. Dirt and I did some pretty bad things then, luring guards to get killed by starving bandits, and then stealing all of the gear. This changed when we both got a little close one fight, and got chased by bandits all the way into the entrance of town. There weren't enough men to hold them all back, so I went into a tavern to see if anyone could help. I found a huge man, named Vedi. Vedi was willing to help for a price, and after paying him he went out there with a rusty sword and killed 3 of the bandits before he passed out from blood loss, effectively saving the town.
It was the three of us for a good, long time. We killed many a cannibal and a bandit, and soon enough came upon the idea to make our own outpost, a safe haven to keep us secure and resupply when the going got tough. There was a town nearby, so all we had to do was get a few materials here and there and after a week maybe it would be set. By this time all three of us were pretty decked out, myself having a good long coat, Vedi with a huge cleaver, and Dirt with a tricorn hat. Most cannibals were either afraid of us by this point, or dead, there wasn't much worry of our safety by now.
We had almost finished the small base, with Vedi and I working on some some construction, so it was Dirt's turn to go get the materials. We had both finished our construction, and so had waited for Dirt to come back. A day had gone by, we were starting to get worried. By noon the next day, Vedi and I had decided to risk it and leave the base, to go see where Dirt had gone. The next town over must surely know where he went?
We didn't even make it halfway across when we found him, laying on the ground.
His hat and sword weren't far from him, and there were two dead bandits next to him. Incisions and cuts were all across his body, bones broken and blood everywhere. Vedi cried, I stared for a good long time, before getting his hat and sword. I walked to the nearest bandit encampment, which some members looked wounded, and slaughtered them all with Vedi, after he finally caught up.
Time has passed since that day, and the small base we had thought of originally is now a bustling town, with nearly eight residents there, all dressed and ready to defend their home. These people are the best I could have asked for, and I still keep the tricorn hat as a symbol of office, with Vedi forgoeing his cleaver for that sword, as his symbol of guard captain. But as much as I love these people, and would die for them, they will never be that man whom Vedi and I came to know as our best friend.
R.I.P. Dirt.
10/10
Posted: June 20, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Me: I’m not really into linear stories and generic questing... Can I do whatever I want?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: I mean like can I REALLY do whatever I want? Can I build a city anywhere on the map?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Really? Cool. Can I make money by stealing from shopkeepers throughout the different cities in the game then fence it for a profit?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Sweet. But instead of stealing for a living, can I grow kilos and kilos of hashish and sell it around the land and smuggle it into cities where it is illegal?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Alright. How about selling goods? Can I produce goods like weapons and armor, or food and use pack animals to caravan around the continent selling my goods?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Cool. Can I raise an army and go to war with any NPC faction on the map?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Damn, can I explore ancient ruins for loot left behind by the old world?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Forget about all of that. Can I just live as a bum who lives in a small shack in the swamps and kills animals and drifters with a mounted crossbow for the fun of it?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Okay wiseguy. Can I go to war with the cannibals and destroy all of their towns and settlements leaving them slaughtered and homeless?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Can I bounty hunt for infamous criminals and turn them in for a reward?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Can I raid a town or city and take prisoners for myself?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Can I build a fortress with steel walls and mounted turrets to withstand endless bandit, ninja, berserker, cannibal, and organized army assaults?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Is the game free of annoying bugs and occasional crashing?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go-erm… well actually were still working on ironing those things out…

Posted: December 18, 2022
i swear to god these ass looking games are way more fun then the AAA experience nowadays.
Posted: December 29, 2019
I enslaved the dictator of a nation hell bent on the destruction of all robots. Once enslaved, I systematically removed his limbs and replaced them with robot limbs, essentially making him a living embarrassment to his entire nation.
My plan backfired: his hatred fueled him and when he escaped he beat the ♥♥♥♥ out of my villagers with his hardened steel hands and feet.
11/10 possibly the best rpg i've ever played.
Posted: November 28, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Lost a leg, bled out crawling through the desert, rescued by slavers, became a slave, became a master locksmith, crawled to my freedom, slithered around peoples homes at night, learned to steal, incarcerated again, rinse, repeat. Finally made some money, hired a man to carry me, named the brute Hodor, travelled the world, found a new leg, became a master thief, almost died +20 more times, hired many more members, started massive rum operation which grows into a full living city.
Now I stand atop my tower as Hodor trains armies to raze slaver encampments, as my scientists build state of the art prosthetics, as my logistic and agricultural personnel fuel the operation, as my turret gaurds shoot slavers for practice, as my smiths craft armor and blades 10 times more expensive than what I was appraised as a slave. There will be blood.
Extraordinary people find their own way. At times the path may seem to end. Keep your head up, the sun will break through.
Posted: January 5, 2023
Chose the "Cannibal" start. Was imprisoned for dinner, then broken free by a rival gang of cannibals that went to war over me as food.
Escaped a handful of times only to be recaptured, then used a fellow entrée prisoner as bait to make my final escape.
Crawled away super injured, made it out safely, and wandered into a Shrieking Forest where bands of naked screaming bandits would run all over but never really attacked me so long as I said I didn't understand them.
Then ended up in a foggy land where I got captured again by these brainless but zealous alien people, tied to a pole, and had my legs eaten off by their Prince while the rest of the congestion prostrated and worshipped the ritual.
Screaming bandits from earlier showed up, distracted the fogmen, and I escaped again, now crawling away with blood spewing from where my legs used to be.
Made it to a local town that didn’t want to eat or kill me, passed out from blood loss, got revived by one of the townsfolk, and their “mechanic” gave me new legs (literally 2 metal poles jammed in my stumps).
I left and went out to make a name for myself. 10/10, incredible game, highly recommend.
Posted: March 8
Criminally underrated and HIGHLY addictive. There is Slavery, Racism, Racism against Racists, Racism against people who MIGHT be racist, more slavery, robotic limbs, discrimination against the lower class, discrimination against the upper class, discrimination just in general, MORE slavery, fish people who will eat you alive on a pole, blue bug people who will eat you alive on a pole and worship the person eating you, bald doughy bastards who don't wear clothes who will also eat you, massive murder giraffe-dinosaur hybrids with beaks who will eat you, crab worshipers, beep, a deranged autistic robot surrounded by headless simps, and did I mention slavery? An absolute masterpiece, 100/10.
Posted: June 4, 2023
This game is not for the faint of heart. It's hard as hell, frequently counter-intuitive, a little buggy, and it is often truly ridiculous.
During my first major base build, I underestimated the amount of resources I would need to fully construct my defenses. I had built a long oval of defensive walls with rock mines and material crafting elements on one side with an open half on the other side of the "oval". There were not enough materials to create a gate or finish the walls as I had used the remaining materials to build a small building for housing and storing resources near the open half.
After the first few days, a group of bandits showed up demanding tribute. Instead of talking to them, I had my boys sit on the other side of the base in stealth mode behind the rock mines. The bandits charged into the base and took up residence in my small storage building. Meanwhile, I kept mining while trying to plot a way to remove them, but I couldn't think on it long before a second group of bandits showed up. The same thing happened. I kept my worker bees in stealth while this second group plunged into the storage shed. Nothing happened. All quiet.
Now, I'm really in a pickle now. Small bandit groups aren't that tough, but my workers were laborers with mediocre weapons and armor. Not much good in a serious fight, and there were two separate groups of sweaty desert bandits standing shoulder to shoulder in my storage building. There must have been several dozen of them at least. I'm about to run to the nearest fishing town to hire some mercenaries when the third group shows up. These new guys are rude and hella nude. They're also hungry as hell for human flesh, and there had to be around 50 of them.
The cannibals stood at the open half of the base for a hot minute before they too plunged into the storage building. It was absolute pandemonium. The bandits are screaming, the cannibals are yelling, and there's blood everywhere. Earlier, I had my boys build some internal walls with crossbows on them, and we're sniping the all out brawl that's occurring. The moment one of the bandits goes down a cannibal will scoop him up and take him to some far away dinner table. It's like a self cleaning mess.
After about 30 minutes, nothing and no one remains except for some bodies, arms, legs, and a massive amount of blood. The cannibals aren't even interested in eating my guys, and the few remaining bandits are simply hobbling away. I then built the remainder of the base so that the front gate was partially submerged in the ocean. Any would be hostiles would have to swim to it in full armor just to knock, and this never happened again.
God help me, I can't stop playing this stupid ♥♥♥♥.
Posted: December 26, 2021
Me: I’m not really into linear stories and generic questing... Can I do whatever I want?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: I mean like can I REALLY do whatever I want? Can I build a city anywhere on the map?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Really? Cool. Can I make money by stealing from shopkeepers throughout the different cities in the game then fence it for a profit?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Sweet. But instead of stealing for a living, can I grow kilos and kilos of hashish and sell it around the land and smuggle it into cities where it is illegal?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Alright. How about selling goods? Can I produce goods like weapons and armor, or food and use pack animals to caravan around the continent selling my goods?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Cool. Can I raise an army and go to war with any NPC faction on the map?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Damn, can I explore ancient ruins for loot left behind by the old world?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Forget about all of that. Can I just live as a bum who lives in a small shack in the swamps and kills animals and drifters with a mounted crossbow for the fun of it?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Okay wiseguy. Can I go to war with the cannibals and destroy all of their towns and settlements leaving them slaughtered and homeless?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Can I bounty hunt for infamous criminals and turn them in for a reward?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Can I raid a town or city and take prisoners for myself?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Can I build a fortress with steel walls and mounted turrets to withstand endless bandit, ninja, berserker, cannibal, and organized army assaults?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go for it.
Me: Is the game free of annoying bugs and occasional crashing?
Kenshi: Yeah sure go-erm… well actually were still working on ironing those things out…

Posted: March 16, 2019
After a certain African warlord made a video review for this game, I decided to buy it. Of the many possible starts, the one where you begin enslaved intrigued me the most. So, I created a husband/wife pair and began. Here's how that went:
The two decided to follow the advice of the game and got into cages. They were swiftly shaved, stripped of all possessions except for simple pants and shirt, and shackled. Then they were promptly put to work mining stone. After experimenting with the controls, I discovered they could attempt to pick the lock on their shackles. Unfortunately, the guards didn't like that. The pair were beaten and put back in cages. I decided to wait until nightfall before trying again. This time, the two could attempt to pick the locks on their shackles as much as they pleased. This was a good thing because they initially sucked at lock-picking.
Many days and nights passed as gradually their lock-picking increased as did other skills related to manual labor. Eventually, they could reliably unlock both their shackles and their cages. Next up was exploring time. Nights were then used to scout out the quarry of Rebirth (the quarry where they were enslaved) to try and find an ideal escape route. Sadly, the guards weren't idiots. Every way in and out of the quarry that didn't require either a billy-goat's dexterity or mountaineering gear was blocked by a checkpoint with at least three heavily armed guards at all times.
A bit dejected, and starting to believe I had made a mistake, I began looking through the skills menu to try and find some way out of this. That's when I discovered that the "sneak" skill also influences how successful you will be at using disguises. A plan began to hatch in my mind. The next night, I had the dynamic duo of enslaved lovers escape their bonds once more and creep up to the nearest sleeping guard. Sure enough, a menu appeared when I right-clicked on the dozing sentry that offered the chance to, among other things, "loot" or "stealth knockout." I figured that the victim in question would be far less likely to notice looting if he was unconscious, so I went for the latter option, brazenly ignoring the 0% success chance. What followed was another beating and back into the cages the pair went. However, I had just found their new nightly hobby.
Days and weeks passed as I had them follow the same daily schedule and at night attempted to get better at stealth knockouts. Eventually, they both improved to the point where they could reliably knock out sleeping guards. Once that was accomplished, I would usually have them put their victims into cages before looting them, just in case. Apparently, once an individual is in a cage, the other guards will automatically treat them as freshly captured slaves, EVEN IF THEY WERE DRESSED HEAD TO FOOT IN GUARDSMAN ATTIRE. That was mildly amusing, but I was focused on making stockpiles of guard uniforms for future escape attempts.
Eventually, I believed the two were capable enough to risk a true escape attempt. I dressed them both in guard uniforms and had them raid every house in the quarry. I found barely enough food for one of them, let alone two. I decided to take a greater risk and raid the guardhouses. Both were instantly caught upon taking the first article of food within the barrack tower and fiercely beaten, stripped, and put back in cages. I tried several more times before I figured out that a walking character is less likely to wake a sleeping guardsman than a sprinting one. Eventually, I believed the two had enough food to get to the nearest town and disappear. Checking the map, I noticed that the areas all around the quarry were all named after the deity the guards wouldn't stop preaching about. That is, all except the region to the north labeled "Hidden Forest."
That sounded promising, so I had the pair don their guard uniforms, gather their stolen foodstuffs, and wait until nightfall by the gate. I sent the man through the checkpoint first during a changing of the guard (when only three would be on guard instead of five) because, if the worst were to occur, he was the faster sprinter. The worst both did and did not occur. Only one guard realized I was an imposter and began to chase me. For miles...and miles...and miles. Eventually I reached a different biome and this dude was still on my trail, occasionally taking a swing at me with a ridiculously sized sword. Eventually, my character played dead of his own accord and that seemed to work. I waited until the guard started walking back to the quarry before applying on the bandages I had stolen.
Now that there were only two guards at the gate, I sent the woman through at full sprint, thinking to get a head start. The guards didn't even bat an eye. She even passed the guy who had chased her husband all the way down the mountain and he just calmly let her pass. I was shocked and bewildered, but both emotions were outshone by pure elation. After (quick look at the HUD) 134 days I had escaped! Both characters were out of the quarry and not under pursuit! After breaking out of countless shackles and cages, after sneaking around for dozens of nights, after gathering as many resources as they could, and even after a failed prison riot that went so poorly it isn't even worth mentioning (turns out most prisoners either f*** right off after being freed or refuse to run), my lovely duo were free! Malnourished, beaten, and probably lost, but free!
Their luck only seemed to improve as, continuing on down the trail, the two discovered what seemed to be an abandoned house full of food, clothing, and weapons. I had the pair rest and bandage themselves, then grab as much food as they could carry. I examined the other garments but none seemed better than the stolen guard uniforms they wore. Once both were fully healed and no longer hungry (hunger decreases gradually even after eating) I had them set out once again. Some of the garments found in the house were labeled as belonging to priests of the nation that had enslaved the husband and wife, so I wasn't too keen on having the two of them stick around and risk recapture after all that work. Perhaps it was a way-station for traveling preachers.
They hit the road and, soon after reaching the part of the map labeled "Hidden Forest" I was notified of a discovered village. Intrigued, I had the pair investigate. Upon arrival at the village, both were promptly shot full of arrows by individuals labeled "Flotsam Ninjas." Bewildered, I decided to check the wiki. Apparently the newly found faction is comprised mostly of Holy Nation (the enslaving one) malcontents and fellow escaped slaves. Given that my duo were dressed as holy nation guards, I began to see the colossal error I had made.
10/10 Would be pincushions by accident again
Posted: March 12
everywhere i go there's a new species of creature that wants to eat me
Posted: May 29, 2023
I had to eat my dismembered legs to survive my journey across the desert.
Posted: July 18, 2014
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Kenshi is a game where you start off feeling small, incapable, and alone. From the get go, you are basically a nobody; just another face in the crowd, another cog in the machine, another meatbag for the grinder - but it's not what you are, but what you would rather be, and how you get there that makes this game enjoyable. The journey to the ultimate destination of your own choosing is where the fun lies. Will you be a lone trader, looking to accrue the greatest mountain of wealth the post apocalyptic world has ever seen? Or a wandering swordsman who hides their true strength to dispatch armies with relative ease? Perhaps a general at the head of your own personal body guard? Or the mayor of a little tiny village just beyond the next dune? Regardless of what your goal is, it is exactly that - yours.
When I started playing Kenshi, the one thing that first struck me was the graphics. Relatively blocky, and a bit funny to look at in some cases, i.e.: buildings clipping in a sand dune, or walls built at unreasonable angles. But, I don't play a game for graphics; to me that's just a secondary benefit. What I'm after is the gameplay, and what I was in store for really put a smile on my face.
My character started out in a small town on top of a mountain range. I could see another down off in the distance, and figured that I'd walk there after exploring this little fortress in the sky. Did I mention that the towns are more like fortresses? I didn't? Well, imagine a town surrounded by walls taller that the highest in-game building, with a group of 20 or so very heavily armed and skilled guards for it's protection. That's what constitutes a town in Kenshi. 'Relative' safety, but I'll get to that in a minute.
Heading towards the other town, I noticed that a group of bandits had started charging up the hill at me. I thought, "A group of bandits? Looks like fun, let's try out the combat!" and to my astonishment, I was obliterated. Beaten to within an inch of death, bleeding out in the beating sun, unconscious. My stomach had taken massive damage, and one of my arms was pretty much useless. I had been surrounded, beaten up, and left for dead. And my assailants? Took off to raid the town. Luckily, the city guard switfly dispatched them, but I was left on the hill. So, fast forward about half an in-game day, and I limp back to town (of course, I looted those bandits that attacked me and left them for dead; take that!). After patching myself up sufficiently, I take to luring bandits to town to enjoy the fighting with the guards and levelling myself up.
Now, speaking of levelling up, skills are sorted into multiple sections: dexterity, strength, the various weapon skills, just to name a few. You gain proficiency by performing the tasks. You get stronger by carrying heavy objects around, not by killing a few rats like some other games, but not like there's anything wrong with them. You develop your character through hard work and dedication. Want to become better at running? Take off your heavy equipment and do a few laps. Don't know how to swing your weapon? Engage a training dummy or another person for all that matters. Even your ability to widthstand pain can be increased. How? By losing. That's right, you are rewarded for losing. Those bandits didn't kill you when they had the chance? Sucks to be them, because now not only are you angry, but you're also more accustomed to the pain. The next time you see them, they may well be on the losing side of the fighting. Kenshi rewards you for survival and practice, much like the saying: whatever doesn't kill you only makes you stronger.
So back to my little tale to attempt to capture the game a bit more - After fighting a couple of fights with the city guard as backup, I tried luring a group of bandits back to the town only to my surprise - the guards at the gate weren't there. Either they left on a patrol, or were fighting another battle elsewhere, I had no time to check. The bandits were hot on my tail, and the only chance I had of survival was to either lead them away from town, or take refuge and hope to escape while they killed all the civilians. And in that moment, I saw a few brave men - shop guards - rush from the protection of their walls, and stop the bandits in their tracks. A bandit or two slipped by, and I gave chase. Unfortunately while I spent a good while fighting one, the other slayed an innocent civilian, and I was happy to see that the population count in the town had actually dropped. Protecting the towns actually has an incentive - no population = no trading. The bandits dispatched, the guards returned, and I resigned to head off towards that other town in the distance.
Now, as I could see the town, it didn't seem far. Plus, I had enough gold to recruit a new person to my little gang of righteous corpse theives. With some new equipment, a little bit of extra knowledge of how the world works and a new companion, I set out for the town. I travelled for at least two in game days. Two. I saw the sun rise, and set, then rise and set again. Such is the scale of Kenshi - the world is an open sandbox (quite literally at this point - no grass, just sand and rocks), and things that look far off in the distance are far off. And as I mentioned before, zooming out - I became a speck in the desert. The only that that kept my position known was the damn name tag floating above my head.
Kenshi may not be a game for everybody, but if you enjoy a bit of realism, and quite a bit of freedom, it may be worth it. It's still early access, which means that there are quite a lot of glitches, issues, bugs and crashes (I haven't encountered anything severe however), you may want to pass the game until it's more stable and developed decendant comes about. What appeals to me the most is actually two things: one, you are rewarded for winning, and are rewarded for trying. So long as you aren't dead, the game isn't over. It makes for one heck of a story if you keep little notes about what happens to your character when you play. The second thing is the scale and immersion of the game. Beyond the glitches sometimes breaking the immersion, I actually felt like a lone survivor in a desolate world, where people preyed upon the weak, and civilization may take days to reach on foot. Since I just recently bought the game, I can't say much about the developer, except that from reading what their vision is, it really is a grand one and has a lot of potential. Kenshi has lots of potential, but it also has lots of work left to be done. So pass it if you're looking for a more fleshed out game, but definitely get it if anything in this review has a major appeal to you. As for me, I'll be wandering the desert with my small group of companions trying to make a living in a world where death can come from even a small group of ill-trained, ill-equipped people. Afterall, you may know how to fight, but if a knife cuts you, you'll still bleed.
Posted: February 23, 2021
When I first loaded up Kenshi, I thought I had made a mistake.
I knew the graphics were not great, but I didn't realize just how jank the visuals actually were until I saw them. Worse, the game was pushing my aging laptop to the brink of overheating, and the game was, despite the seemingly low-tech visuals, not running well. The interface was one of the ugliest I'd ever seen, and was totally obtuse. I had no idea what I was doing or where I was supposed to be going. The game's spartan tutorial suggested mining outside of town, so I went with that. It was slow. So painfully slow. I increased the game speed and promptly got attacked by about ten bandits with clubs. As the game's weakest enemy beat me to a bloody pulp, I considered refunding the game, but the game's tutorial brought up another window - I wasn't dead.
When my character came to he was in bad shape. Luckily, he had started with a first aid kit, and he bandaged his wounds and limped back to the tiny town with only one shop. As he rested, I checked his stats to see what went wrong in that fight. His stats were all 1's, with the exception of his Toughness, which was now a 6. That was just the beginning of my understanding of Kenshi.
In Kenshi, there is no generic pool of "Experience" that you get that you can just dump in to whatever stat you want. You can't go out and fight bandits for experience and dump the experience points into your mining skill. If you want to get better and mining, you have to mine. You have to mine a lot. The same goes for any skill. If you want to fight, make weapons, grow crops, or sneak around, you have to give your character time to be terrible at it. And once you learn this system, you can learn how to exploit it.
Want to become a martial arts master? Build a Prisoner Cage. Catch a bandit. Heal him. Feed him. Protect him. Drag him out of the cage every once in awhile and beat the ♥♥♥♥ out of him and then put him back. It seems cruel. A few days ago this guy was slashing at you with a Horse Chopper so it's fair. But be careful, his Martial Arts skills are going up too! If he beats you, he'll head of the hills and you'll be starting from scratch with a new sparring partner, and you won't get better fighting an unskilled opponent.
Want to get stronger? Fill two backpacks full of Iron Ore and give one to a friend. Then, pick up said friend and carry him around. Walk back and forth in town for as long as you want. Your character actually bulks up visually as you gain strength.
Of course, you don't have to learn to fight if you don't want to. Why not build a base in the Holy Nation, and start farming? You can make tons of money cooking advanced foods and selling to the surrounding towns. You can do this forever if you want. You'll have to fight or flee from the occaisional animal or bandit attack, and you'll have to deal with Prayer Day (the best day!) Don't like Prayer Day? Feel free to go live somewhere else more dangerous. Each area has its own features and hazards, from rampaging slavers to acid rain and giant dinosaur death machines. You can look up each area online, but in my opinion, learning where you should and shouldn't go from experience is a huge part of the fun.
So what brought about my change of heart with Kenshi? The realization that my character was nobody until he earned everything he had. Every coin, every stat-point, every brick that made up his shoddy looking base was earned. The game didn't magically dump them on me in some plot event or through some level-up perk. He trained, he labored, he scavenged, he seized opportunities. He started his own faction and they ran from danger until they got tired of running, and built an impregnable fortress a few hundred yards from the starting town, and barely scratched the surface of the game.
Also, mods. A Dark Mode interface mod to make the UI easier to look at. A graphics mod to reduce ground clutter for my ancient laptop, improving performance several times over. You can get mods that change the way the world behaves, add new weapons and items, and even new locations to explore.
So do I recommend Kenshi? Absolutely, but just remember that like your character in the game, you have to play by its rules to enjoy it. If you can't get past the graphics or the cumbersome interface, give this one a pass. If you want a power fantasy where your character can take on an army, well, you can get there, but its a grind. If you want a sandbox that rewards experimentation and exploitation of the gameworld and the rules, this is your game. Just remember that it can take awhile to get used to.
Posted: December 7, 2018
Weird game, doesn't look good, a bit clunky in all regards.
Those were my first thoughts.
Now i'm here, 500 hours in and counting.
Very rewarding gameplay, it's magnitudes better than it looks.
Never pick a book by it's cover.

Posted: February 28, 2019
Some kind of African warlord on youtube recommended me this game. I wasn't let down. How about that? A game reviewer actually making me want to buy a game and not the other way around.
Kenshi falls a bit short graphic wise compared to other modern games but it makes up for it in gameplay. Many modern game developers seem to believe that a game should be the other way around. Pretty to look at but no fun alowed. Not that you can't have both which some modern game developers will also have you believe which of course makes no logical sense. As far as I'm concerned this is damage control for wanting to make more pretty games that aren't fun.
Game feels like early Star Wars Galaxies with a bit of Dwarf Fortress and The Sims thrown in with it and just a dash of Spore thrown in there.
Posted: May 13, 2020
The best game I have ever played. No other games in this genre are even close to pulling off what Kenshi is capable of. Actually, Kenshi should have a genre of it's own and kick start games that will be called "Kenshi-like" or "Kenshi-lite" or "Amazing."
Now, I am a big fan of The Elder Scrolls series, The Witcher, Read Dead Redemption and other famous open world games. I'm also a fan of games that are considered to be quite similar to Kenshi in their Sandboxy mechanics like Rimworld or Cataclysm: Dark Days Ahead. Kenshi is somewhere in-between those games. In some aspects it's quite similar to Mount and Blade. Or The Sims if it had combat and slavery and was set in a Post-Apocalyptic Japanese-themed world and was actually fun.
But the thing that makes Kenshi so great is not the scarcity of boring side-quests that poison every other open world game. It's not the lack of cutscenes that makes playing modern games more like watching a movie with your hands on a keyboard. It's not even the fact that it's the only game where your choices actually matter and doesn't just lead to a different dialogue sequence. The thing that makes Kenshi so great is it's usage of the "Emergent gameplay." Wiki describes "Emergant gameplay" as "complex situations in video games, board games, or table top role-playing games that emerge from the interaction of relatively simple game mechanics."That is exactly what makes Kenshi my all time favourite game. Let me explain.
Let's say you're playing Kenshi and you're travelling from one city to another. In any other open world game you will run into some enemies, you'll either fight them or run away from them and there is that. In Kenshi tho, you might get attacked by enemies that are not only stronger, but faster than you. They will outrun you and cut off your leg. As you're lying there surrounded by enemies, unable to run due to a lost limb, on the verge of death and close to a game restart, another group of enemies MIGHT appear and defend you from your initial attackers. Only they turn out to be slave-traders and they're not here to save you. They're here to enslave you. You're taken to a slave camp with no means of escape, because well, you're missing a leg, which makes it pretty hard to run. You're crawling around the slave camp and slowly starving to death, when you approach and befriend another slave, who is eager to escape and suggests teaming-up. He joins your squad. There's two of you now. You wait for the Sun to go down, you lock pick your shackles, you ask your new friend to carry you and make a run for it. You might succeed or you might get caught and beaten to death. If you do succeed, your new worry is getting a robotic leg, which costs more money than you have, because you don't have any money and that's less than most of the amounts. Now imagine all of the above, but instead of losing your leg in the first fight, you lose your arm. The slavers come in to attack your initial attackers and you use the commotion to make a run for it generating a completely different turn of events. A simple mechanic of losing a different limb creates complex situations that are unique to your play-through alone. That is the depth of "Emergant gameplay" Kenshi manages to pull off. And I'm only scratching the surface here. That's why it is highly advised to play Kenshi without the so called "savescuming," don't just save and load, unless your character dies. Let the events unfold until the last moment, Kenshi is about the journey, not the destination. If you wanted to travel to a city mentioned above and you were attacked and instead of going with the flow, you decided to load and choose another path to avoid the enemies, you would have missed out on a struggle and the story that would emerge if you just let things happen. As Gandhi once said: "This is how memories are made... By going with the flow. Especially in the game called Kenshi. It's really a great game." What a wise man.
Another aspect that makes Kenshi amazing, is the possibility to role-play. Actually, role-playing is the only way to play the game since Kenshi has no quests, no narrative, no-one tells you what to do or where to travel, you are the creator of your own story and to make it fun, you need creativity. Once you get familiar with the game, the best way to enjoy it is to set your end goal, because the game itself has no end, it's you who decides that it's over. And your goal can be anything from Slave Liberator to Religious Tyrant, to a simple farmer or a travelling merchant that sells hats. And that's all possible because the world of Kenshi is huge! I have more than 200 hours in it and I still haven't explored everything. The world is not only huge, but also rich and has an incredibly deep lore, which is somehow told in fewer words than your girlfriend's grocery shopping story. The classes you can play as or encounter are not your regular Elves or Dwarfs, or Orcs or any other overused Tolkien creatures. They are all unique to the world of Kenshi and have their own backstories and attributes.
But Kenshi, as everything, does have its flaws. It is full of bugs and crashes. Your characters get stuck in walls and the path-finding at points is infuriating. If you're a min-max player and wanna be as strong as possible, prepare for a grind. If you let it, Kenshi can become Grindshi, do you get it? Cuz it's a "grind"? Anyway, to avoid that you can either level-up your stats slower, but naturally, or download a specific mod from the workshop that makes it a bit more fun. Oh yeah, this game has a huge modding community with such wholesome mods as the "limb/skin peeler machine," "Crucifixion" or "All-in-one Murder + Cannibalism." Truly, a mod for every taste.
To sum it all up, this game is ♥♥♥♥, not worth the full price. JK. If you read till here and you think that Kenshi is something that you might enjoy, please just give it a go. If you don't like it, that's fine, but if you do like it, it has a chance to become one of the best games you've ever played. Peace out!
Posted: July 6, 2019
I decided to start out as a one-armed naked man in the middle of a desert. Found the nearest town, tried stealing some clothes. Got tossed in prison, tried stealing clothes again. Got tossed in prison again, was sold into slavery. Forced to work in rock mine.
After waiting for my injuries from the various beatings I had taken at this point to heal, I, using the high lock-picking skill I had acquired from being in cages for days, proceeded to free 10 other slaves from their shackles and attempt an escape. In other words, I used the 10 other slaves as a distraction for the guards while I ran for my life. Once the guards had stopped chasing me, I started heading towards another town. Managed to find some clothes on a dead body outside the town to hide my slave-like appearance. Began putting my mining skills to use gathering copper outside of the town. Began building my funds while waiting for my slavehood status to be forgotten.
Eventually, I stumbled into someone whose wife had been taken by the same slavers who had captured me. He decided to join me so we can eventually wipe out the slaver scum. My slave status expires. I realize that I have a decently large bounty on my head, and have my newfound companion turn me into the authorities for the bounty. I then break out of prison and hide away in a small shack I had purchased within the town.
Preparations to leave the town begin, and I acquire a dog and a weird llama-like creature for carrying cargo. Once I finish packing supplies to make a trek across the wilderness, I have my companion carry me out of the city so the guards don't notice me. We then make our way across the vast desert, narrowly escaping death by weird bug-like creatures and capture by slavers, and build a shack in a decent location to start our own "town" of sorts.
A few days later, the tax men show up looking for money. I spent all my money on my escape. They say I have 3 days to pay, or there will be trouble. I am now panic mining copper with my buddy while me, him, our dog, and our llama starve to death. Need to make a trek to the closest town to sell the copper before the tax men come for me. Please send help.
Posted: November 24, 2022
Step 1: Mine copper.
Step 2: Buy a house.
Step 3: Start a clothing business.
Step 4: Assassinate the local bandit leader.
...
Step 496: Shred the antichrist's limbs and display his crippled body in your capital city.
Posted: May 5, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
My first experience of Kenshi. I spawned in the desert town of Sho-Battai, a thousand credits to my name, a few rags for clothes and a pocket full of marijuana. My name is Eddie. The randomise button on the character creation screen had randomised me into a dishevelled version of formula ones Eddie Jordan so my name was set. Sho-Battai looks like something out of Mad Max 2. Post apocalyptic types wander around going about their business, a guy casually walks past with a body slung over his shoulder etc. I make my way toward the nearest public toilet. It’s a small shack made from poor quality wood and corrugated iron sheets but an NPC beats me to it. He sits there smugly with the door open taking a dump. I decide to wait for him but he’s obviously enjoying himself or skiving from work because he takes ages. I give up and leave.
The next most obvious place to check out is the local bar, so I head there. The bar is pretty busy with various shady characters sat about. I hover my mouse cursor over the most interesting looking ones and it changes to a speech bubble as it graces the head of a particularly dodgy looking bloke. I saunter over and awkwardly start a conversation. Turns out hes a fence and hes pretty open about it. I wasn’t planning to be a thief but its good to know where the local buyer of knock off goods hangs out. Making my way to the bar I have a look at what they have to offer. They sell various alcoholic beverages as well as an appetising sounding food called nutrition block. In the end I purchase myself a water jug and a few rations of dried meat because thats what I would have done IRL. I check out a few more vendors in town. Theres a guy who specialises in crossbows another in swords and a general store. It dawns on me that im poor as I see rusty short swords going for thousands of credits.
Disheartened I wander back out into the desert air. Out in the street (if you can call it that) a fight breaks out. I have no idea who the protagonists are but about ten guys are slogging it out with iron bars and crude swords. Its’ not long before someone gets battered and collapses dead in a heap at the periphery of the battle. I smell loot and run up to the corpse. I grab his backpack and rip off his tatty but better than mine clothes and slink away. Looking back to the still raging fight I see the apparently now not dead guy get up and limp away, disorientated and minus his pants. He swiftly gets battered to death by what I assume is a local copper. My smirk quickly fades as the copper turns his attention to me. Before I know it fight or flight kicks in. Very much in flight mode im running, about six coppers with clubs and swords chasing me down. They catch me and after a sound beating im dragged off to a jail. They confiscate everything I stole from the dying fighter except the backpack which turns out to be empty. They let me keep my hash and my dried meat.
The tutorial informs me that ive been imprisoned and I can either serve my sentence or try to escape. I opt for doing my time and wait patiently. Other prisoners come and go. Days pass the light rising then fading in the foetid jail house. From my cramped filth ridden cage I see other prisoners being dragged in. Some seem ok others are near death and have obviously received a beating far worse than the one I did. They lay slumped in their cages blood oozing from their bruised bodies. There seems to be no hope of release so I start messing with the huge padlock on my cage, trying to pick it and find a way out. The guards don’t seem bothered by my change of routine. Perhaps they know its futile. After hours of fiddling with lock I finally get it open. Its around 3am now. I ease the cage door open and sneak toward a door which leads out to a balcony which I figure is a good way to go. Either the guards are all psychic or they have just been waiting for this moment. They appear on the balcony and thrash the living crap out of me. Only this time they want to make sure I don’t escape again. One guard hacks off my left leg below the knee. My severed leg is hurled from the balcony and jams itself into some railings on the floor below.
My amputated body is hurled into a new cage and securely locked within. They take my back pack. Covered in blood I bandage my stump as best I can and wait, fully expecting to bleed out. Days pass again and yet I still live. My leg is gone forever but the wound starts to heal. Eventually after a couple of days more a guard approaches my cage, informs me im free and opens the door. Im thrown out of the cage and onto the jail house floor. Im not escorted from the building and I have to crawl like a crippled mess down the stairs to freedom. The guards all turn to stare as I humiliatingly crawl through their post apocalyptic staff room and out into the night air. Efforts to retrieve my undoubtedly decomposing leg from the railings fail as its out of reach. I crawl through the sand back to the bar. Hauling my crippled frame through the entrance a patron remarks that he’s surprised I don’t don’t get arrested on the spot for looking so pathetic. I survive now as Crippled Eddie, I steal bits and pieces from around the town, selling them to the fence for next to nothing. It does make me enough money however to buy some dried meat now and then.
Inevitably a week later I end up back in prison for burglary. Theres a prisoner in the cage opposite me. Shes also missing a leg. Well not entirely missing it, its on the floor just outside her cage. Shes also missing an arm. I start a conversation with her and she hilariously suggests that we break out together and "Make a run for it". I turn down her overly optimistic plan and she passes out. I watch her food bar tick down to zero. Shes starving to death.
Kenshi doesnt care about you, you arent a hero. Apparently you can raise armies, build your own settlement become a farmer etc. I doubt it though, its a harsh harsh world in Kenshi. Youll probably end up a crippled beggar like me or worse. You are irrelevant here. Even when you die the game keeps on playing without you as if to emphasise that point. People stroll past your rotting corpse probably just glad it isnt them laying there.
Posted: March 25, 2019
Here's what it's like to play Kenshi. I decide to go on a nightly stealing spree with my thief. Usually I can get pretty good pickings, but sometimes I have to run for my life and wait for things to dial down.
My thief is picking through the shopkeeper's belongings, when a camel-like beast from the caravan wanders into the shop with her. Turns out my thief left the door open - she's still new at this. Now, these camels wander all throughout buildings in town, so this is normal behavior for the camel. Only this time the camel is in a shop after dark, and this camel is pretty loud, so it wakes the shopkeeper upstairs.
My thief runs for it, closing the door behind her. The shopkeeper runs downstairs only to find the camel. And this is where Kenshi becomes Kenshi.
In most games I've played, this would be treated as a glitch. Nothing would happen. The camels aren't supposed to wander into the shop after dark, so this would just be aberrant behavior.
Instead, the shopkeeper sees the camel, thinks it's busting up his shop, and starts to attack the camel. The camel fights back. Pretty soon, the shop guard is fighting the camel too. The caravan guards join in the fray, and then the whole town erupts into fighting. It's the caravan vs. the town guards. The town guards win out, and there are bodies and prisoners everywhere. My thief takes advantage of the situation to pick the bodies clean of any loot. She's cold-hearted like that.
Completely emergent gameplay. No one "wrote" that scenario. It happened because the AI has emergent goals, and behaves accordingly.
That's why I've enjoyed Kenshi.
Posted: November 14, 2021
Crawl around the desert with no leg for 2-3 irl hours then proceed to crawl/sneak around a town while robbing people crippled for 7 hours. Proceed to rob the robotic limbs shop. Free Leg. No longer crippled. Freedom.
Posted: July 1, 2023
Good game. Recommend to people who are neurodivergent, or unemployed.
Posted: January 1, 2023
Booted up the game full of confidence from watching youtube videos. Spawned in the desert, starving and missing an arm. I travel to the nearest city to stock up on supplies and head towards the Hub, but ran out of food halfway there by the Holy Nation. I get caught stealing a loaf of bread in Okran's Shield and become enslaved. I escape from slavery and spend 100 hours training my characters assassination and stealth skills up to 100 using totally legitimate tactics such as chopping off all four limbs of a shek warrior i assassinated and putting him in a sleeping bag so I can infinitely assassinate him.
Then I assassinate the Bugmaster, turn him in to the Sheks and join the Flotsam Ninjas to get the Sheks and ninjas to help me bring down the Holy Nation. With the help of the Flotsam Ninjas and the Sheks acting as meatshields, I manage to sneak inside Okran's Shield, kidnap High Inquisitor Valtena (The leader of the Holy Nation camp where I got caught stealing bread 100 hours ago) and I bring him to the cannibal plains where I watch from the shadows as he's strapped to a pole being eaten alive like a human kebab.
TL;DR I was enslaved by a big bad guy for stealing bread, so I spent 100 hours training so I could turn said big bad guy into kebab.
10/10 would recommend.
Posted: November 2, 2019
-Started as a lone nobody outside the Hub.
-Wandered around for weeks, gaining companions
-Started an ore mining company in Squin and Stack
-Built up my wealth
-Built a small City in Borderzone
-Sent out explorers to hunt for technolgy
-Fended off Raiders and Bandits, growing my population
...
-And then we ran into the Holy Nation. They did not like our robotic limbs...
>Kicked off a war that has lasted for over 300 Days, countless lives lost, entire cities sacked, entire Warbands captured and taken as Slaves to the rebirth Slave Camps and servents throughtout the Holy Nation.
>Some of my captured men who where enslaved got taken North to be used as war slaves against the United Cities and then captured again by cannibals...
-My Lone wanderer is now the Emperor of Crimson Peak, leading his people against the Holy Lord Phoniex and preparing to lay siege to Blister Hill.
10/10 Game, with mods there is infinite possible scenarios and Outcomes.
Posted: July 11, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Kenshi is ugly, opaque, confusing, buggy, and unwelcoming. It demands patience and persistence with no immediate rewards. It makes no allowances for the inexperienced, the inept, or the videogame-illiterate. It actively defies you to give up and uninstall within the first 10 minutes of play. It also happens to be a little bit brilliant.
Having vaguely followed Kenshi's development for years, and having bounced hard off the free demo released a few years ago, I finally picked it up on sale, confident that I would probably Steam refund it after my second try. One week later and I've hardly played anything else.
It's quite likely you're suffering a little cognitive dissonance as your eyes drift from the rather unpromising screenshots and trailers - packed with outdated graphics, an ugly UI, and vague, overambitious-sounding statements - to the Steam reviews, which are currently 87% positive. You may be worried that Kenshi is one of those games that is really enjoyable for hardcore, min-maxing basement dwellers but totally inaccessible to anyone else - and that's a legitimate concern. Kenshi does ask you to invest time and patience to get the most out of it; I want to convince you that the investment is worthwhile.
As the trailers suggest, you start off as a nobody in a harsh, post-apocalyptic world filled with people (and monsters) that comprehensively outnumber, outgun, and outclass you. And that's it. There's not a main quest that doles out steadily-improving powers and gear, there's not a friendly NPC who gives you some cash and directions to an easy fight with decent loot. You exist in a hostile world that can and will kill you moments after leaving the starter town - it's how you bounce back and start making that world your own that makes Kenshi stand out.
There's a moment of existential dread that sets in when you look out over the scorched wasteland, with nothing more than some rags, a rusty iron stick, and half a day's food in your pack, wondering what the hell to do next and if it's even worth it. Fight through that dread. That feeling of aimlessness and hopelessness is just mainstream-videogames leaving your system; you get so used to a smooth tutorial and a clear path ahead that all the freedom in front of you is straight-up daunting. What should you do? Just start walking.
The world of Kenshi is huge, and contains rather more colour and diversity than the trailers make out. There are roaming bands of marauders, mutants, cannibals and religious zealots, there are fortified cities, hardscrabble farmsteads, and infested ruins, there are foetid swamps, blasted deserts, and weird, fungal valleys just as peculiar and intriguing as anything out of Morrowind. When you start out, this world is going to reject you: there's nothing you can face in a straight fight and nowhere safe to lay down roots. To get anywhere, you'll have to sneak, steal, starve, and - yes - get the ♥♥♥♥ kicked out of you every now and then.
Life at the bottom of the food chain is tough, and it can feel like you're not making progress, but in reality everything you do is making you tougher. Getting walloped makes your character hardier, losing fights improves your combat skills, and the scraps you pick from the aftermath of procedural battles between NPCs can provide some much-needed gear. In my first few days, I scrounged up enough money for the materials to put up a small shack. I built it away from civilisation, tucked into the crevices of a mountain by the swamp, hoping maybe to scratch out a living by farming before venturing out and doing some walloping of my own.
Bandits came and beat me up. Raptors ate my first crop, then my second crop - then every harvest after that for a week. Desperate, I wandered deeper into the swamp, looting the remains of swamp bandits who had been eaten by blood spiders (blood spiders?!) as I went. I found a settlement, pawned my paltry pickings, and signed on a couple of outcasts willing to join me for free. Back to the shack we went, where once again the raptors ate our crops and the bandits doled out humiliating beatings. The next time they came back there was a wall, and a big gate. They just knocked down the gate. The time after that, there were crossbows mounted on the walls and a few more drifters on our side. They got through the gate, but no farther. We do the walloping now.
Kenshi erects some fairly high barriers around itself, and a lot of the best fights and features are locked behind those barriers. This starts out feeling like a problem, but you come to realise that overcoming those barriers make every success, no matter how minor, seem immensely important. The struggle to survive never stops being real, and no threats ever become so trivial that they can be safely dismissed. This means you are invested in your characters and in the world in a way you rarely feel in other games; by the time you get a handle on things, you've come so far and have so much to lose that the drama of the game world is always gripping. How many times in other games have you been warned by some Cortana knockoff "Oh no, a wave of dangerous and battle-hardened foes is approaching, try not to poop your pants!" only to be faced by more of the same goons you've been absent-mindedly mowing down for hours? This never happens in Kenshi. Kenshi never has to artificially inflate the stakes, because the stakes are always real. Kenshi never has to script its drama, because its drama is generated automatically by your interactions with the world.
Once you've got past the rocky start, the dodgy presentation, the occasional wonkiness of the AI, and the overall hostility of the world, the freedom the developers promise really is there. You choose your own adventures and your own goals; there are fights to be had, rivals to be made, bounties to be collected, factions to befriend or destroy, and a surprisingly deep city-building element you can pick up or ignore completely as you see fit. Kenshi will reward all the time, imagination, and obsession you pour into it - just give it a chance!
Posted: March 21
> Be me
> Train a small squad of 1 Human and 5 robots passed 50 in combat skills
> Walk in the United Cities territory
> Noble Hunter sees me and comments on my robot friends
> Noble Hunter fires his Eagle crossbow and kills Burn
> I attack the noble and his samurai
> The noble loses a leg
> I take them to one of my safehouses and attempt to recruit the samurai (Recruit Prisoner MOD)
> Non want to join me, especially the Noble Captain
> Take them all to the Boneyard
> Strip the Samurai Captain to his underwear and drop him near some beak things
> I let the others see them eating him
> Take the samurai back to the safehouse and ask again
> One by one all accept
> I free the Noble Hunter who is crawling on the floor due to the lack of his leg
> As a sign of loyalty, I have all the recruited samurai beat the noble who can't defend themselves
> Both of the noble's arms fly off his body
> I patch the noble up and take him to the Fog island, where I have my base
> I tie him to a Death Yard Pole and wait for the fog men to come
> I let them eat the leftover leg
> The Noble is now a nugget
> I give the noble prototype quality hiver members
> I take them to rebirth
> I put them in a cage
> One holy guard comes and removes his legs and arms
> The guard orders him to go to work
> The noble is now crawling to work
> Once at the mine he can't work so the guard beats him and takes him back to his cage
> The same thing happens again and again and again - every day - for the rest of his life
That is what you get for killing Burn, you @&*$ nobles Sh!t!
Kenshi lets you be a monster +++
Posted: October 8, 2019
This game is pretty friggin epic. To anybody thinking of playing this game I urge you not to savescum (reloading when things go south) because one of my best adventures started with my squad of five being enslaved. Soon all but one were killed. He sought revenge on his enemies when he escaped but he was but a lowly craftsman... This man went on to become a legendary smith who created a sword that befell an empire. Literally he made a sword that i then gave to a warrior i trained for days so he could murder the holy flame. hell yeah man.
Posted: January 29
One of the best games hands down. I started off as a lowly nobody and eventually ended up kidnapping the head of a major faction only to cut off his limbs and feed it to my dogs, only for him to escape my prison to come back to my camp with cybernetic arms and legs to wipe my army out with his own. I was imprisoned then sold to slavery for 100 days of hard labor...then made my escape and now i'm planning my revenge (even though I started the conflict). lol. Best and most fun game ever.
Posted: October 20, 2023
I still vividly remember the first review I read of this game with the line "This game doesn't care about you" as the basic premise and it sticks to me to this day. Years later I realize how wrong they were about Kenshi. Not only does this game care about you, it wants to protect you from yourself and keep pushing you forward to success. Dying is actually kind of difficult unless you tweak the settings or act like a complete idiot. Yes, in fact, this game cares about you so much that you are REWARDED for failing. You grow stronger with each battle and even earn more xp for losing. Even with all the settings cranked up to be the most brutal, bandits will never steal your equipped items if they beat you unconscious and rob you, and even if you get imprisoned, the stuff they take is locked away in a chest and never despawns. This game does care about you, in fact, it wants you to succeed, like a stoic parent that knows you need to grow up to be strong so you are prepared for the brutal world ahead of you. It will punish you for stupid mistakes, and reward you for clever strategies, and even if you get beaten nearly to death, you will come out of that experience stronger than ever. In fact, the best way to get stronger early on is to let bandits repeatedly beat the piss out of you. There are so many ways to make money and so many safety nets to pull you back from the brink of losing it all. Even being maimed and losing a limb isn't the end, because you can buy or steal robotic limbs that are as good if not better than what you had before.
I held off for years from buying this game because I believed the top review at the time telling me "this game doesn't care about you" and I took that as "you can lose everything in an instant because this game isn't fair" but that just isn't true. Even if you lose a limb, even if you nearly starve to death, even if you get robbed or enslaved you will almost always come out stronger than ever. This game wants to make you a god by beating you down and refining you under massive pressure to be the diamond it knows you can be.
Don't make the mistake I did, get this game and know that no matter how bad things get or how grim things appear to be, you will almost always have a way out that will end with you tougher than before. Just remember, stay away from the Beakthings.
Posted: March 19, 2023
Most games can be described by what you CAN do.
In Dying Light, you CAN climb buildings.
In Factorio, you CAN make a world spanning factory.
In Dead Space, you CAN take off an enemy's limbs.
In Call of Duty, you CAN be bored.
Kenshi is a game where you CAN. You CAN do many things, too many for me to list here.
But Kenshi is more than that. Kenshi is a game where you WILL.
You WILL have no idea what is happening.
You WILL get your ass kicked.
You WILL make enemies.
You WILL be enslaved.
You WILL go broke.
You WILL starve.
After that, and only after that,
piece by piece,
you WILL understand.
You WILL find a crappy sword.
You WILL fight.
You WILL lose,
and from that you WILL become strong.
You WILL meet allies, even a few friends.
You WILL take a piece of this world as your own.
You WILL destroy those who attempt to take it.
You WILL build yourself up, piece by piece.
You WILL wield the weapons and armor of legends.
Then one day,
Once you have left behind any memories of slavery and starvation,
Once your body no longer buckles under relentless pressure,
Once you are no longer alone, and march at the head of a legion,
You WILL bend this world to your will.
So what WILL you do?
Posted: October 10, 2022
Spawn in, leave town to explore/scavenge. Came across a small group of some chill lookin fellas. One of them pipes up "Eh, looks like a slave. Get him." So i hightailed it to the nearest major town in hopes they'd get bored and leave me alone. Nope they followed me like 5 miles to the nearest town. I desperately tried running into a bar to hire some protection. I didn't click fast enough. Next thing I know I'm getting absolutely demolished by some jujitsu masters. After getting my skull cracked and most of my limbs shattered. They bandaged me just enough to keep me alive. They hauled my crippled ass to their work camp. Got locked in a cage for like 3 days. During that time I spent it training up my lock picking skill. Tried freeing some fellow enslaved lads, They were so filled with fear they stayed in their cages. I on the other hand waited for nightfall. When the guard changed and the security around the camp relaxed a bit. I snuck out of their. Made it nearly to the exit before getting spotted by an absolute ripped narc. I was chased down around the camp by like half the slave traders there. Again, got crippled, mocked and thrown in solitary away from anyone else. They forgot about me and I died to my injuries as well as starvation. I enjoyed every second.
Posted: October 29, 2020
Starting off, I noticed the brutally-oppressive town guards would beat the hell out of nearby bandits and undesirables, but then just leave them bleeding out in the sand. I was horrified, I had to do something, but often these unfortunates would die from their wounds before I could haul them back to town and sell them into slavery.
So my first recruit was a medic to help me to stabilize them long enough to survive the trip back to the flesh peddler. 200 hours later and I'm heading up a 50-man drug cartel out of a massive walled compound. Your own journey can (and more than likely will) look much different. This is a true sandbox and a gem if you don't mind, or relish, making your own fun.
Posted: March 4, 2023
See hours played (no mods)
Posted: July 6, 2019
Started off as a starving man with one arm.
Ate a dog.
Was kidnapped in front of city guards.
Sold into slavery.
Lost my other arm.
Escaped.
Hired someone to feed, fight, and take care of me.
He stole two robot arms for me.
Fell in love and build a home.
Hard times and had to sell our food for tax payments.
Raided by slavers.
Killed my man.
Went into drug business.
Got rich.
Became libertarian.
Tax evasion.
Hired an army to fight of the government.
We won.
Empire nobles were fed to my legion of crabs.
Perfect game, high recommendation
Posted: July 18, 2019
So I've played this game over 1,000 hours, and I mean it is fun and which is why I'm giving it a positive review. But that's about the only reason.
In reality, this game is still riddled with bugs. So much so the devs added a feature that basically lets you reset the whole game world once it inevitably becomes messed up. Of course while you do have some control over what resets, there're a lot of things you want to carry over when you do that simply won't.
As for actual patches, the devs seem more focused on patching potential exploits and making cosmetic changes before addressing actual bugs that have been in the game for over a year. To this day, if you want to start a new game while you're playing, you have to completely close the application, relaunch it, and select 'new game' from the title screen. Because if you try to use the 'new game' button in the in-game menu, it'll mess up trying to load a new map, which can result in towns spawning with nobody in them. Oh and you still can't go back to the title screen either. Meanwhile they updated the position of the buildings in the starting town 3 times, for no reason. And every update seems to change what recruits you can find where.
What makes things more frustrating is when you try to report bugs (that are obviously bugs) and get responses from players telling you how it doesn't bother them, or to just ignore it, or they try to use flimsy logic to explain that its clearly a feature (like having your base randomly disappear if you're away from it too long). And if you're real lucky, someone'll tell you that there's a mod to fix it so there's no need for the devs to waste their time doing it themselves, so stop acting so entitled.
Other than that, for a fully released game, there're still a lot features in this game that just feel unfinished. The overall map feels like the devs spent most of their time on the Eastern half of the map, and as they moved West they just kind of got bored and called it a day.
I don't mean to be harsh, the game really is fun, and I do recommend it. But the devs need to work more on making it functional and less on cosmetic changes.
Posted: September 17, 2023
Second run after getting beaten, arrested and dying on attempting to escape from prison in the first run:
> Start in crappy run down town
> Mine copper for profit
> Decide I will be a miner and sell my ores for profit
> Farm copper and iron
> Make fat stacks
> Hire companion to bodyguard and help mine copper
> Make tons of money
> Decide to buy cow to help carry more copper
> Search in a wasteland for an hour to find someone who sells a cow
> Finally find farmstead in a holy land and buy a cow
> On the way back to my mining camp
> Like 8 bandits sprinting at me on the horizon
> Realize cow is high value target
> Send cow to run away
> Prepare my men to fight
> Accidentally select cow when pressing attack
> Almost scream out loud, scared of losing my nine thousand dollar investment
> Cow immediately plows through like 4 bandits, tearing off a leg and an arm and leaving a massive pool of blood
> Other guys fight off bandits as cow absolutely destroys the bandits trying to escape
> Cow is insane
> Travel with band of mercenaries and nomads until we reach some town
> Pack of wolves attacks and breaks one of my guys legs
> Guards come from town, a few die to the wolves
> Try to take opportunity to get some sweet guard armor
> Immediately get caught because guy I tried to loot was bleeding out not dead
> Guards attack stealing guy, broken leg guy tries to attack guards and defend teammate, immediately gets rocked
> Both in jail
> Broken leg is super good at lock picking and stealing guy has super high athleticism meaning he can run super fast
> Broken leg unlocks cage and breaks fast guy out
> Fast guy sprints out screaming obscenities, bringing the cow with him
> All guards in town immediately go after him
> Broken leg guy slips out of cage during all the commotion
> Regroup and head back to camp to lay low
> Finally make it back to mining camp
> Start mining
> Group of bandits sneak up and knock my guys out, breaking another leg on the same guy as before in the process
> Bandits immediately devour cow
> Slavers pull up to see my guys bleeding out on the street with a half eaten cow
> Slavers pick up guy with no broken bones and start to pick up guy with broken leg
> Pack of wolves come out of nowhere and attack slavers
> Slavers barely survive and leave, forgetting my guy with a broken bone on the ground
> Broken bone guy stops playing dead and slowly crawls to nearby town
> Broken bone guy starts healing while enslaved guy plots escape
> While travelling to camp slavers get distracted by giant ostrich beast
> Sprint away with my enslaved athletics 40 guy who runs at 20km/h
> Regroup and lay low until slavers stop looking for escaped slave
> Have existential crisis after realizing all the ore farming I was doing was essentially the same as what they would have me do as a slave
> Cope by rescuing random slave girl who wants to be a fighter
> Train her up by having her carry backpacks of iron
> Adopt a dog while this is going on
> Decide to check out new spot on the map with newfound family
> Find cool robot explorer
> Travel around for a while living with no cash because mining is for nerds
> Group of slavers pull up
> Battle goes on for about thirty IRL minutes as I'm pausing and trying to figure out how I can win
> Barely survive with beaten and dying men and dying robot
> One survives, heals others
> Goes to heal robot, realizes he doesnt have a repair kit
> Repair kits cost like 5000 dollars
> Do not have that kind of cash (around 1000)
> Realize what I must do
> Frantically mine copper with all three of my guys as soon as they recover while the dog guards the dying robot
> Make barely enough
> Buy repair kit
> Sprint to repair robot
> Robot is seriously dying
> Finally get there and start repairing
> The damage is too great, robot dies in the arms of my family of misfits
> Jaw drops to the floor
All of this happened in about 13 hours of gameplay, with no story, no quests, just me playing, with my own goals, in a massive world, meeting random characters. I should say that this game is an amalgam of things I dislike: I don't like slower stat based rpgs, I don't like real time strategy, I don't like survival games, and I find apocalypse games such as fallout to have extremely drab and ugly environments. Yet despite being all these things and more rolled into a giant meat taco, kenshi has me utterly captivated in its gameplay. Everything happens in a fairly non scripted open world/sandbox environment where a lot of the fun is simply experiencing and living in the world.
No game has ever had me so connected to my character (And ironically, there is no given story to your character) as the only way for your character to improve in something is to experience it for themselves, want to get better at fighting? Go fight then. Want to get tougher? Get beat up more and survive. Want to do anything? Keep failing until you get it right. Whatever doesn't kill you will make you stronger and that is how you progress in this game, the high difficulty comes not from the actual enemies in the world (though they are quite tough) but instead knowing what fights you can and cannot take, all of those stat points mean nothing if your character is dead in the wasteland, and this raw feeling of survival gives you such a will to live and a want to grow to be the strongest, no other game has ever come as close to the feeling of intensity for me as kenshi has.
Steam says I've only played about 13 hours of this game so far but those 13 hours were so special I felt the uncontrollable urge to post a review. While reading the reviews for this game I was highly skeptical of the freedom it claimed to have as I am used to having controlled freedom such as in a bethesda or rockstar open world game; in games like that there is a huge, lush open world to explore but the story or side quests are only happening in one little dot on the map. This is not that, this is a true open world experience with unbridled freedom where you make your own story, interactions and personal experiences. Not that there is no dialogue, there is some written for interactions in towns that are often deadbeat ironic statements that I find extremely hilarious, and depending on the race/gender of characters in your party they have special things to say to each other about places they visit and things they do in passing that can be an informative or comedic reprieve from the desolate and violent wasteland that surrounds them.
Despite the world of kenshi being very run down and barren from an outside view, the game still feels full of life and action, even though all that surrounds you is an ancient, utterly destroyed world. While I dislike drab environments with little in them where simply walking around makes me want to throw up, kenshis world is so captivating and deeply atmospheric that I've actually come to like the visuals for the most part. About 99% of the music is also amazing. There is one track (Or maybe its some sort of sound effect) that I find incredibly irritating and loud, but other than that outlier; the simple, haunting melodies which sound like exploring a ghost town perfectly match the atmosphere of wandering and surviving a wasteland alien world. I've only spent a few hours in the world of kenshi so far, but its left more of an impression on me than most games I've put a hundred hours into have. I look forward to exploring more of this world in its vastness; until then, see you space cowboy.
Edit: I've played 30 more hours since this review, my opinion has not changed on this game overall, but there is so much more I could say as I've gotten into it. I would buy this game again on a different account just to review it again
Edit 2: I'm closing in on 300 hours as of right now, I've had many playthroughs, I've died, lost limbs, starved, been enslaved. But I've also been rich, been a master smith, destroyed empires, raided towns, waged war, and been the best in the world. It's up to you.
Posted: June 22, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
When I go to my library in Steam and click on Kenshi (experimental) it says I've played 2001 hours as of today, Dec 2, 2018.
2001 hours!
Very few games have given me so much entertainment value for so little $$$: Asheron's Call, the original Starcraft, World of Warcraft, Warhammer 40K - Dawn of War, Fallout 4 (2151 hours).
KENSHI - 2001 hours!
I'm pretty sure that my time in the world of Kenshi will soon exceed my time in the post WWIII Earth in Fallout 4 and purging Xenos in WH40K DOW. Don't ask me about Asheron's Call - aka The Nineties (and yes, I earned my Bunny Slippers!).
I feel the need to DL some good FNV and FO4 mods and wander a different wasteland for a bit.
BUT ONLY AFTER I'VE TAKEN EVERYTHING OF VALUE FROM KENSHI BY THE SKILL OF MY SWORD!
So a few hundred more hours, another half dozen playthroughs, so many ideas, so many stories I can create in Kenshi.
And this game is just now hitting 1.0 release!!!
---
2,001 1,961.3 hours of virtual blood, sweat and some real tears. With a few cherished moments of pure elation!
I still haven't explored the entire map. I like to look into every nook and cranny, and climb every hill just to see whats on the other side.
I've owned homes in every city. But the place you build for yourself is always the best. I've built small mining outposts, ninja hideouts, fortresses and vast cities. I've built in narrow canyons, atop mesas, in rainsoaked swamps, windblown deserts, in a tranquil forest (if you don't mind the cannibals), on mountaintops, the spiderplains, and one place best described as hell-adjacent. Ok, so maybe two three places were hell-adjacent.
I've tried every starting scenario that comes with the game. My favorite is still Rock Bottom.
Rock Bottom - Things you don't have:
- friends
- weapons
- armour
- clothes
- first aid kit
- food
- left arm
- hope
Rock Bottom - Things you do have:
- rags you call underwear
- ribs showing through your skin because you are dying of starvation
- true grit - no, hold on, that grit is just some sand in your rags
- right arm complete with middle finger for the world that left you here to die like this
I like to roleplay. I come up with a main character idea and role play how they would survive Kenshi.
You can pay some NPCs to make them join you, I wanted to try a playthrough where I didn't pay anyone to join me so Atticus was born: Atticus was a lone wanderer who had recently escaped slavery himself. He scraped by mining and selling the ore to earn enough to eat. All the while keeping his eyes on the slavers, manhunters, slave mongers and slave hunters who scoured the countryside of the United Cites for their next victims. And when he noticed some flesh peddler marching their fresh catch to off to the market, he followed behind. If one of the slaves was too slow to keep up with their master, he would sneak up and pick the lock on their shackles freeing them. Occasionally a grateful slave joined Atticus. And then another, and another. With several new friends, they set off to unsettled lands to build a new home where everyone could be free. But they still went back to free more slaves. Eventually Atticus built an army powerful enough to crush the United Cities and their Nobles who'd grown wealthy off the forced labor of others.
I've even done a solo bounty hunter play through - hint - do cardio.
I've done some crazy play throughs where I pick a TV show, movie or a book and name all characters I recruit after a character form that source and do my best in the editor to customize them to look like their character. I also limit myself to the number of named characters (the base game allows up to 30 characters, but mods extend this to 256). The key point is to roleplay them as if they were that character. I've done this with Archer and Futurama and had a blast with both runs.
I like that I get the freedom to do whatever I want in Kenshi.
Mods. This game ha0s 1,521 mods and it's not even to version 1.0 yet. I've made several custom start scenarios for myself and a few other simple mods (that didn't require new 3D models) after about an hour of research in the forums at the Lo-Fi Games official website.
Some things that will eat you:
- Cannibals - a simple people who live life free and au natural.
- Skin Spiders - fast moving hard hitting nightmare fuel.
- Fogmen - poor unfortunate people who've been reduced to their most savage drives.
- Beak Things - malformed love child of a chicken, a giraffe, and a tortoise. AKA "The Gutters"
- Blood Spiders - smaller, bloodier, redder, fast moving hard hitting nightmare fuel that can smell the delicious blood of your unbandaged wounds from much further away..
- Cannibals - there are a lot of cannibals.
- Bonedogs - they wont actually eat you, but if you lose an arm or a leg, they'll run off with it while playing keep away with their packmates until one of them eventually eats it. Adorable.
Do I like Kenshi?
I'm still not sure.
Maybe I need to put in a few hundred more hours.
Yeah, just a few hundred more...
-----
This game is not for everyone. There are some simple tutorials in game, but it doesn't hold back on the brutality. You start off much weaker than everyone else in the game. Your characters skills improve only by using them. The only way to get tougher is to get beat down. The only way to get better at fighting is to fight warriors better than you.
A lot of reviews mention that the graphics are not great, but they are good enough for me. I like this game for the gameplay and re-playability not the graphics (just check my hours!). This game isn't made by a big corporation. Its designed and led by a single guy with a passion for gaming and a dedication to his vision. He got some backers and started making this game. It is a labor of love.
Harsh, cruel, brutal love.
-----
To get a really good idea of what this game is like check out the following on YouTube:
Biscuit Dog's Kenshi series. He's been playing this game since 2016 and has over 200 vids! You can see the game evolve over time. Don't recommend watching too far into his series unless you're OK with spoilers. He explores the entire map and does all sorts of cool things. Note that Biscuit Dog's vids start off kinda slow but you also get to see him develop as an YouTuber and his vids become very cinematic, tightly edited and highly entertaining:
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
Abyssle's 'A Noob Kingdom', where he starts building a base right away, and suffers for it...a lot. I'm honestly surprised that guy's Noobs have survived as long as they have. Really, they go through a lot in one place. Its kind of amazing. Also great for the sarcasm and burtality:
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
Posted: December 7, 2018
Here it is, my “I’ve-never-left-a-review-before” review. I first played Kenshi in early access back in 2016. Got it on sale for around 10 bucks. When I first cracked the game open and got into it, it was graphically hideous, frustrating (like many people, I got thrown in a cage within my first hour of gameplay), and pretty awkward both to control and understand. Started thinking 10 bucks was kind of a ripoff. But there was something about the game that called to me, maybe the fact that no matter how badly I ♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself, there was always something implemented in the game to UN♥♥♥♥ myself if I put some time and effort into it. If I was thrown in a cage I could pick the lock. This usually just resulted in my being thrown in a different cage, but after getting beat down by guards a few times, I started to learn how they operated. Once I knew that, I was able escape the very cramped little nothing-town I was trapped in, and run, a free man, into a much larger group of patrolling guards who beat me into a bloody mess and left me for dead. Finally, an opportunity! …to learn how to limp away from hungry animals who were envious of my dangling limbs. That’s how I learned I was relatively safe in the water. Knowledge is power, so I sat in a fetid pond until there was absolutely nothing in view. Of course I was near to starving by now, and had no idea how or where to get food, and was so mangled I probably wouldn’t REACH said food before something got hold of me, but at least I was alive. Ostensibly. And what’s this? I found that my toughness stats were going up from getting my ass kicked! That is some award-worthy innovation in gaming right there. And they’ve since added twice as much map and the privilege of losing my arms and legs? Jeetee Eff OH!
Kenshi doesn’t just give you what you need to survive (usually…). It does something that not many games are able to do – it gives you a WILL to survive. In most games the motivation to survive a deadly encounter barely outweighs the convenience of just loading your last save. But in Kenshi, there are good reasons to act like a man. Or to act like a woman who acts like a man. You tough it out because there are rewards for doing so. There is always something just behind the next hill that wants to rob you, enslave you, eat you, or just kick your already-softened teeth in for funsies, and to survive you will have to learn HOW to survive in a world that tells you almost nothing. Sorta like real life for anyone around or below the poverty line. You take your licks, but you get back up (hopefully), and you’re more badass every time you do. And maybe all you got for your broken bones was a dull sword and some bread, but when you look back over the trail of corpses as the only one who – FINALLY – got away, you will know why you’re still playing Kenshi. Oh, and did I mention that when you become a more accomplished badass, you can build a huge base and take the fight to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that kept throwing you in cages for the first four hours of the game? Yeah, this is pretty much the best game.
My one regret is that I only paid 10 dollars for it. It’s worth more than every AAA title I’ve bought in the last two years combined.

Posted: October 22, 2019
What do you think of when you consider the word "wasteland"? Do you think of the Mojave sprawl of New Vegas? Perhaps the Russian subterranean underbelly of the Metro games? Maybe even the colorless wastes of NieR: Automata?
As much as I adore these games and their interpretations of a post-apocalyptic landscape, none reflect the word "wasteland" very well. There's always content a short walk away. Beautifully empty vistas are often overshadowed by a need to emphasize gameplay and decision making. There's a quality to the word "wasteland" that invokes emptiness and expanse in such a way that most games struggle to portray effectively. Whether or not that is the medium's fault is up for debate, but there are some games that can portray a world without the need to make you feel like a necessary component of it.
Kenshi is a game that I had a love-hate relationship with in my first 10 hours or so. While the gameplay sucked me into the game world with its many complex, deftly-woven systems, there's no denying that there's a sort of tedium to the gameplay. Surviving day to day by whatever means necessary was a brutally agonizing yet fascinating gameplay experience. I happened to get by in my first few days on Kenshi just by mining copper and selling it, just barely scraping a profit. This game teaches you first and foremost that you do not matter in the grand scheme of Kenshi's landscape. Or at least, not yet.
"Start small and claw your way to the top. Fail, die, get captured, and try again." This is the message the game pounds into the player's mind time and time again. Kenshi isn't an RPG, it's a simulation. There are no quests, no story, and no characters. The world is yours to tailor, but you'll have to wrestle with its many difficult systems to get there.
Perhaps the most striking thing about Kenshi is that they give you the opportunity to become prominent in the world, but by all means you don't have to do that. Maybe you just want to be a merchant, or a slave trader, or even a slave. The malleability of this game's sandbox is almost unparalleled. Kenshi's world practically teems with interactions because it emphasizes dynamic behavior over scripted engagements.
My favorite moments in Kenshi weren't when I finally captured a valuable bounty target, or when I barely escaped the grasp of a group of muggers. My favorite moments in Kenshi were the moments when I realized that I was just a small piece of a much larger picture. Being ambushed in Kenshi isn't interesting because it puts the player in danger, it's interesting because of how dynamic these encounters are.
Here's an example:
On my first character, I saved enough money to hire some bodyguards so that I could explore the continent at my own leisure. I stepped into Holy Nation Territory by accident, and was ambushed on a road between towns. They demanded that I hand over my "animals", referencing the non-human members of my party. Realizing that I had to choose between losing my progress and almost certain death, I doubled down and told the Holy Nation to back off. Their skilled fighters attacked, leaving us heavily outgunned and outnumbered. In a moment of panic, I ordered my party to retreat. We ran about 100 feet and ran into a massive pack of bonedogs. The bonedogs attacked, leading to a massive 3-way engagement. As the bonedogs began to attack the Holy Nation, we managed to escape in the confusion through a lucky encounter.
This story stuck with me not because the game put my character in danger, but specifically because I could believe in that danger. These attacks are unscripted and happen dynamically through the game's reputation system. The glorious escape via bonedog was so memorable specifically because that wasn't a hand-tailored encounter. It lended the situation credibility and, if I'm being honest, nearly sent me flying out of my chair in excitement.
Kenshi is proof that games don't need to be crafted purely for gameplay's sake to feel alive. The wasteland, while filled with content and things to do, is also barren. Journeys across the wasteland can take days, without a lot to see on the surface. Although the wasteland of Kenshi is barren and expansive, it is far from empty. What's important is that the game nails a true wasteland aesthetic by welding gameplay and setting very closely together.
In short, Kenshi is a fantastically deep sandbox that allows the player to create their own meaning in its bleak setting. That alone makes this game worthy of a recommendation.
Posted: July 22, 2020
Set out to become the sword saint of the wasteland.
Get ransacked by starving bandits.
End up a miner.
Save up for an extra set of hands.
Buy a dog instead.
Raise that pup over months of mining.
Eventually form a lucrative mining crew to fund your silly pipe-dream of becoming a master of the sword.
Watch that vigilant pup live a life, filled with love and all the dried meat Cats could afford.
Watch starving bandits butcher your pup for meat while you're on a trading expedition in another town.
You get there in time just to watch her bleed out.
You pause the game to reload, when did you last save? When what the last auto-save?
Ditch everything to avenge your dog.
Sell more copper.

Posted: December 29, 2023
Be prepared to die, a lot. Once you get past the high learning curve its a really rewarding experience. Lots of freedom to play how you want. a brutal game that finds interesting ways to kill you, and your friends, and your dog. If you can learn to survive long enough you can become World changing character. I started as a guy with a dog, in my travels id get beaten up, my dog too. So we got some party members, got stronger, one day a group of Holy Nation cultists (douches) attacked us for having a woman in our group with a weapon. they killed most of my party, they killed my dog. John Wick i am not. but i wanted revenge. I fled holy nation lands, began to build an army made allies with other factions, began hunting holy nation patrols for fun. eventually stood toe to toe with mr high and mighty himself. As soon as he dropped i scooped him up and ran him to the deadlands. dropped him in a pit of acid and stood by to make sure he died. For my dog, Mr. Scruffy.
Posted: January 11
Met a guy in a bar who told me that his wife was sold to slavery and she toiled to death. Said he wanted to take down the slavers and joined my crew. I sold him to slavery.
Peak gaming.
Posted: June 26, 2021
I didn't know what the expect from Kenshi. My plan was to be a farmer and maybe some kind of bounty hunter.
Wanted to help people, to be one of the good guys in this hostile world. So my story began in the Hub.....
Anyway I became a drug dealer.
Posted: April 23, 2020
This game is best described as an hidden gem.
Like me, most players that play this game, did not want to play it at first. They saw the graphics and thought they were crap. That's ok... So did i!
BUT after.... *cough* Jacksparrowing it *cough* in order to try it first I fell in love with the game in the first hour, so i bought the game instantly.
This game give you a unprecedented amount of freedom.
You hear this from games all the time, where they say: You can be a trader, you can be a warrior, a king, a builder, etc etc etc. and in most cases... it's not true at all. BUT !! in the case of kenshi, you really can be almost everything you want. You want to be a baker ? WELL YOU CAN! research baking and shop counter, buy a little place for yourself build an oven and start cooking. Buy or plant your own crops in order to cook. You want to be a trader? buy here sell there for more... it WORKS ! you want to be a drug dealer ? Well... without spoiling much.. Go to the swamps or build your own hemp crops.
Look i could go all day. The point is.. what you can be in this game is limitless. Specially with mods, there are tones of great mods!
Gameplay/Mechanics 10/10
Graphics 5/10
Replay value 11/10 (yes 11)
Updates/patches 10/10 (devs patch the game frequently)
MODS: 11/10 (More mods than you can think of)
Hope this helps.
Please try this game, don't think its bad because of how it looks. ( and youtube videos don't make it justice. Trust me)

Posted: December 6, 2018
After having followed the development of this game for about half its (rather long) development, I can heartily recommend the end-product. (Most time was played on a different account, though)
Now, since people seem to try and compare it to Mount&Blade: Warband a lot, I thought I'd make it a little easier for those people and copy in my comparison of the two from the discussion forums:
How does Kenshi compare to M&B: Warband?
First important facts to keep in mind:
M&B is at its heart an action game.
Kenshi plays more like an RTS/RPG hybrid.
Things that both games have that are somewhat similar:
-caravan/trading: There are differences, but broadly it works similar
-equipment management: You can pick and mix equipment for your characters/companions from a variety of different gear in different slots
-open-world/sandbox gameplay: Both games have no pre-defined goals and let you play any way you want to
-(own) factions: Both games have varying factions that interact with each other in different ways.
They are more fixed, but also more lore-oriented in Kenshi, while M&B faction wars and alliances can shift quickly and somewhat randomly.
Both allow you to basically create your own faction, though Kenshi doesn't offer much in the way of diplomacy (only the "diplomacy of action")
-that "starting out" feeling: The first bit of both games feels somewhat similar, considering you basically start with next to nothing and have to figure out what to do next.
-M&B worldmap and Kenshi graphics look somewhat similar (if you don't look too closely)
Things that both games have but that work quite differently:
-base building: Only pre-built castles/towns in M&B. Zero creativity in how you build things.
Much, much more complex and in-depth in Kenshi, you can basically build your own city from scratch. From the crates in the corner to the harpoons on the city walls.
-combat: As stated above, M&B is a skill-based action game, Kenshi is a RTS/RPG game. Combat in both games is nothing alike.
-RPG mechanics/character development: Few (if any) of the skills/attributes that both games use overlap.
M&B uses a level-up/skill-point-based system
Kenshi characters level skills by using them (broadly speaking) and there's no character levels
-recruitment/followers: Recruitment in M&B is mostly very unpersonal, you just recruit "troops" that you "promote" into different types, but you do not control their actual skills. (With the exceptions of the few companions you can recruit.)
In Kenshi you can/must control the full development of every single character you recruit, but it will mostly happen automatically based on what tasks you set them.
Conclusion
Even though they may seem similar at first glance, both games share rather little ground.
Apart from the fact that both are sandbox games with RPG elements, they play very differently.
If you're looking for a game that feels like M&B in the sense of "leading an army from the front", Kenshi is not for you.
If you especially liked the direct control M&B gave you in combat, Kenshi is not for you.
If you liked the faction play in M&B, Kenshi might be interesting for you (but different)
If you liked having your own castle and managing it in M&B, Kenshi is probably for you (with even more options)
If you liked the RPG elements of M&B, Kenshi might be for you. The RPG part is more important but quite differently handled in Kenshi, though.
If you like open-world/sandbox games in general, Kenshi is well worth a try. So far there is no game quite like it.
Generally, I've played a ton of M&B: Warband in my time, and love Kenshi to bits, so it might well be that you'll love Kenshi, too.
Just don't expect it to bee very similar to Warband, or you'll be disappointed.
Posted: November 16, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Hour 1: Ugh.. man... this one might be a refund
Hour 2: Yah... this is silly, running around in a low res desert, wierd glitches, just ain't a good game....
Hour 3: I mean.. this is silly, running from more bandits, scrapping stuff...
Hour 5: I've got to keep this unit together while they mine, I'll have my auxillaries patrolling,
Hour 10: Jeez? It's been a whole RL day of this? This.. wierdly horrible game... wierdly.. amazing...
Hour 20: My outpost lives on the edge of the sands and death, traders come now and then, but overall we maintain neutral relations
Hour 25: I hope nobody visits me RL today, so that I don't get interrupted as my settlement flourishes in the wastlands.
There you go. It's a tough start. It's an ugly start. It's a painful start. But every inch after that is pure glory.
If you ever loved squad based rpg, tactical fighting, (think semi-baldergate-esque) well this takes it and throws in crafting, slavery, factions, squads, crafting, and it looks like a whole lot more in the future. I understand that development has been slow on this game, so if you are not okay with Bugs / Early Access, then hold on for now. There are definitely bugs. Some of them F stuff up. None of them have stopped my constantly growing love/enjoyment of this game.
AFAIK there is no story of any sort yet, it's left completely open world, open ended, create your own story.
6/10 - Graphics
6/10 - Sounds
6/10 - UI
9/10 - Gameplay
10/10 - Replayability
Posted: September 10, 2023
Kenshi is a game about great contradictions. On surface, Kenshi seems to check off everything a bad game has: bad graphics, shoddy optimization, confusing lore, and grindy gameplay. But at it's core, it embodies what a good game or piece of media should be. It follows the most basic yet important of story-telling: show, not tell, and it achieves a level of depth in gameplay seldom seen before in any other video game with astonishingly simple mechanics. Good games focus on being a master of one instead of jack of all trades, but the greatest games are able to be the master of all trades. Kenshi is one of these.
Roguelike, RTS, RPG, Sandbox, Squad-Based Combat, Post-Apocalyptic Survival, City Builder. Never has a game been so numerous and diverse in it's genre. You can play as a merchant, a lone wandering swordsman, a farmer, or an outlaw. You can forge factions and empires of your own, or you could destroy the ones already in place. No playthrough of Kenshi is ever the same, and even with more than the 1,000 hours I put into the game, I still discover new thing about the game day by day, despite the map of the game being a mere fraction compared to other games with the same amount of depth. The game has little to no audio, yet it has some of the most illustrative and emotional OSTs I've listened to. It has graphics that are decades old, and yet it possesses scenery so unique and beautiful you'd hang them up on your wall like some kind of avant-garde painting. The combat is simple, you click on an enemy and order your character to attack. But despite such simplicity, I watch each battle with bated breath and suspense.
Kenshi is a byproduct of a much simpler and greater era of video games. Developed by one man over the span of 12 years, it contains the passion, energy, and soul of the games from 2006. It came from a time where success was achieved through honest hard work and relentless drive, a far cry from today where games are mass-produced and sterilized for pure profit. It's one of the few games I would genuinely define as art. Art is one's ability to put their emotions and abilities onto a medium, and the game's developer Chris Hunt did exactly that.
Reading about the game's development, you hear of the many challenges and limitations Hunt had to face, such as the constant toiling at a security job to secure enough funding to just develop the game part time. At times it would seem that the future is bleak and not worth the effort, but Hunt pulled through, and created the masterpiece we have now. This is mirrored in the game. The game's world seemed so harsh and full of suffering, and the player would face constant challenges and limitations. But by getting up every time and never losing hope, they eventually achieve great success.
As the first ever review I made for a video game with earnest, I rate Kenshi a 10/10.
Posted: December 18, 2020
Just noticed I've got over 1000 hours in this game. Thanks COVID. I must like this game. Definitely got more than my money's worth. Oh, had Cyberpunk pre-ordered and downloaded the day before release, but still haven't played it because I'd rather play Kenshi. Hope that helps.
Posted: June 12, 2019
An Asian martial arts film generator.
When you start the game, you will be weak. Weaker than a starving bandit with a broken arm. Weaker than a dumb goat. You'll probably die. But every defeat grants some sort of reward, almost like a participation trophy. Every blow you take makes you tougher. Every swing you miss makes you quicker. Every weight you put on your shoulders makes you stronger.
While your body may be weak at first, Kenshi has no say in the strength of your mind or your spirit. How far you can go in Kenshi is completely up to you.
Posted: April 5, 2021
Looking back on the years and years, 11 of them by my count, it is hard to believe the roller coaster of Kenshi. I backed this project, if I remember right, in 2011-2013ish, and while back then it seemed like a far fetched goal of a crazy idea from a bearded mountain man, this game has transformed into one of my favorite games of all time. I can, with confidence, put this game's name alongside such greats as dwarf fortress, rimworld, dragon's dogma, and others as a true example of gaming excellence, they truly do not make them like they used to.
I remember receiving my email from Lofigames and having to email Chris about the fact of my receipt in order to get the auto updater, and eventually my steam key. This game is a story just about it's creation, and the game even reflects that. Kenshi is about being a single man/woman/hiver in a unforgiving world, this isn't bethesda or EA rpgs where you are the chosen one, this is kenshi, you're nobody and the game will kill you, a lot. Some of my favorite moments are simply watching the fights that happen, I cannot think of a game that more pleasantly displays my character getting the crap beat out of them, truly a wondrous work of art. Farming, base building, trading, martial arts, crossbows, and more, Kenshi is a world I invested hundreds of hours into before Steam, and after? Hundreds more.
Chris, if you ever read this, I remember you saying that this game would take a long time, that it may take years and years but it will be done, and you will release that game. You made good on your promise, this game is a true work of art and over the years I have brought dozens of friends into this wonderful world you created and they say the same, Kenshi is beautiful.
Kenshi 2 may be a long way off, but if Chris told me that you could become rich just because you played it I would believe him, from night guard to one of the greatest developers I have ever seen, Chris thank you for what you did with Kenshi and what you will do with Kenshi 2.
Highly Recommended 10/10 in every way and area!
Posted: June 17, 2022
I met my best friend in slavery, and he sacrificed himself so I could get away. It's been months, Hotlongs. I will set you free one day. I miss you
Posted: November 1, 2023
i've hired mercenaries in a slave city to free my own people from it, as a result, we are all working in the mines
Posted: February 20
I was homeless for 2 weeks. I now live in a shed. Truly an accurate depiction of downtown Chicago
Posted: September 27, 2021
Played about 350 hrs on a cracked version and felt guilty so I bought it on steam. absolutely an amazing but brutal game. 10/10
Posted: February 11
I enjoyed that this game had a unique premise: you suck, and you're nothing special (not until you strive for it, at least). You start as a character with no skills, and you must grind to improve every stat you want to utilize to experience your journey through Kenshi.
As a result, the base game is a bit bland in terms of role playing. There's a ton of fun world building, but there isn't much in the way of questing or missions. There are bounties that you can turn in for money, and there are alliances you can make. You can build a base. You can recruit people to your party. Some of them have personalities and a backstory, but for the most part, there is no story in Kenshi other than what you decide upon.
Kenshi takes place on a moon that has undergone an apocalyptic event. The setting is post apocalyptic, and people have described it as sword punk. Do you want to open up a market and sell goods? Firstly, good luck. Secondly, you can do that with a lot of hard work. Would you like to be a mercenary or a bounty hunter? Again, good luck. But you can do that. Would you like to attempt to start your own township? Good luck. But you can do that. Would you like to form a crew of runners to smuggle drugs out of the swamps? Good luck. (Yes, you can also do that). Would you like to enslave people and just be a general, all-around piece of garbage to others? Yep, you guessed it. You can do that (good luck).
Here's an example of one of my journeys - I spawned into a section of the map ruled by United Cities (forgetting the name of the empire, only now returning to the game after a year, and I'm writing this review before starting up the game - SUPER EXCITED). Anyway, I spawn in, and my character doesn't have anything. I travel around the desert for a bit until I find a small community. Surely I can steal a few supplies, because I'm hungry and malnourished. I'm losing weight quickly, and I'm practically nude. I approach the village, and unfortunately it's a small settlement owned by slavers. They spot me stealing, chase me down, and then lock me up in a cage.
Now, I know this is crazy, but I refused to quit. I was trapped in those slavers' cages for 78 in-game days. Every day I would practice picking the locks until one day my lockpicking was good enough to free myself. Unfortunately, the cages were high up in a tower right in the middle of town. I would have to sneak my way out of the tower and through the small settlement. I needed to train my sneaking skill. So I did. I'd hide in my cage during the day, and I'd hop out and practice "sneaking" until I got my skill up a bit. Then, I decided to make my break one evening.
I sneaked out of the tower, but I found myself face to face with an evening patrol. Bam. They sent me right back to the cage. Again, I picked locks. Again, I did some sneaking. Again, I was caught. And right back to the cage. There were other prisoners in the cages alongside me, and we were all wasting away as potential slaves. Who knew what these slavers were going to do with us. They barely even interacted with us. Maybe they planned to use us as meat during a famine. Or would sell us to one of the empires.
But then it hit me - I can unlock these prisoners' cages too. So I did. I waited until evening on the 78th day. I unlocked two prisoners' cages, and they bolted down the stairs of the tower and out into the settlement. There were only a few guards watching over the town, and they gave chase. Now was my chance to sneak out, and I did. But it wasn't over yet. I had to make it somewhere safe, and I had no food, weapons, or clothes. Just a set of rags they were kind enough to give me.
I unlocked my shackles, so my slave status wouldn't draw attention, and I made it to the nearest town. I was fortunate that these people were treasure hunters (or engineers? they're looking for lost technology, I forget). Anyway, they didn't care who I was, and I was able to find a bed to rest. Stole a little food to eat, and I recovered.
That was just the beginning, though. And for whatever reason, I was hooked.
Anyway, here are my pros and cons, for simpler digestion:
PROS:
Unique premise
Really enjoy the world building
Really enjoy the setting
Really enjoy the potential stories and mysteries that can abound
Really enjoy the aesthetic
Enjoy the difficulty, but (see CONS)
There's a dedicated mod community, and many of the mods are amazing
Strangely addicting
CONS:
Poorly optimized
No story, really
Difficulty is definitely a hindrance
Reliant upon mods to flesh it out into something greater
I really wish there was more, but there's something special about Kenshi. I put 400+ hours in, and I want to go back to experiment with different starting scenarios or making my own stories.
Anyway, I hope this review was legible. I didn't edit much, as I'm excited to hop into the game, but I felt like sharing my excitement in the form or a review. If any part of this interests you, you should give Kenshi a shot. Especially since a prequel is in development. I'm excited to see where this series goes.

Posted: October 14, 2021
This game is most certainly NOT. FOR. EVERYONE. And I don't mean that in a demeaning, gatekeeping way, I mean that if you lack an obscene amount of patience, tolerance for frustration, and possible masochism, stay the heck away from this game.
In short, what you have here is a single-player MMO with WRPG and colony sim mechanics. You will need to park your butt in front of an ore seam and dig for minutes on end just to be able to eat in the early game (Or you could start with a fat stack of cash, buy all of the hash in the swamps, then sell it to the Tech Hunters at four times the price). And that's the size of it. Kenshi is either a game where you do the sane, sensible, yet mind-crushingly boring thing to earn money, or the insane, illogical thing to net an even greater profit.
Having any amount of fun in Kenshi without the grind honestly feels like cheating; and I don't know how much of that is a genuine critique against the game. You can steal from shopkeepers in this game and sell their stock to the next town over. You can dodge a food tax by stuffing all of your sandwiches into your backpack. You can throw a squad member into a lake of acid, get his legs burnt off, then replace them with superior bionic Scout Legs and have him steal dinosaur eggs until the Garru come home. None of these will be immediately obvious from the get-go, and may go against the nature of the character you decide to role-play as.
Then once you're done adventuring, you're gonna have to hunker down and build civilization. Of which, only a few locations near the starting area are even remotely sensible places to set up shop. At that point you're going to divulge all of your time into getting your defenses set up, making sure everyone is well fed, not recruiting a boatload of Sheks who will drain your food supply, and actually work up to the point where you won't need to babysit them 24/7 (Except for those times where an entire squadron of bandits glitch through your walls, nearly slaughtering all of your fragile bugmen).
And that's the biggest problem with Kenshi. At least with everything else I just mentioned, you could reason that it's all in the service of creating a cruel, unforgiving world. With the absolutely abysmal technical state the game is in however, your only recourse is that Kenshi 2 is on the way, and that IF that game does well then MAYBE the devs will port this game over to that new engine. Examples include: Enemies phasing through walls, turret guards getting stuck INSIDE walls, turret guards not firing at anything, horrible pathfinding, constant loading screens in the swamps, squadmates attacking NPC-owned buildings and getting thrown in jail, spiders channeling the Force, YOUR WHOLE SAVE BEING DELETED, etc. etc.
You WILL need to savescum as the game is practically unplayable without it. Whether it's through a glitch, or just getting ganged up on by superhumanly fast enemies, or whatever else--cheating isn't cheating in this game; it's payback. "Fun" in terms of Kenshi basically amounts to that: Getting back at factions that ticked you off and made your life miserable. Did the United Cities' Slave Hunters abduct some of your party members? Did the Okranites burn your settlement to the ground because you had a minority answer the door? Did the Dust Bandits extort you for money? Once you're strong enough, you can completely annihilate major factions off the face of the earth, and see the consequences. This is what you have to look forward to by endgame; the total summation of a couple hundred hours worth of game time (Because you lost about ten saves beforehand); the fruits of your labor: Conquest.
If that doesn't entice you to pick up Kenshi, that is entirely understandable. If you only find the story and lore to be at all captivating, go and watch PhoenixDash's channel, or other Kenshi lore videos. Otherwise, prepare for frustration, boredom, charm, and eventually, catharsis.
Posted: May 28, 2023
No matter how rich you are.
No matter how advanced those technologies known to you are.
No matter how OP your characters are.
You're still a hobo.
12/10
Posted: April 22, 2019
I want to buy the developer(s) of this game a few hundred beers.
First of all, the nostalgia in how this game stays true to "patient effort rewards you" is a pleasant memory of Ultima Online and DayZ mods (not the game, but the ARMA2 mod with other mods)
Kenshi is cruel, absolutely cruel and only forgiving in rare cases. It is hard, it demands patience, it lets you start out considerably weaker than most people around you - BUT.
And I want to underline that: BUT. It is fair.
If you tackle powerful groups or wildlife as a total scrub, you totally deserve what is coming for you. If you work hard, take the time to think through your actions, you will slowly thrive.
Rarely has a game given such a feeling of reward for the efforts you put into it. It is a shining beacon against the stupid simple money-grubbing manipulative idiotic mass of games released recently especially for iphones/androids.
To Lo-Fi games, I raise my beer-stein and salute. I don't know any of you, but what you made deserves my deep respect. Please, go on, continue to give our world this oasis of complex gameplay in a desert of shallow stupid games.
Posted: May 6, 2021
Kenshi is a weird game. I don't know how exactly to describe it other than Mount and Blade meets The Sims with a learning curve as steep as a mountain. Like mount and blade you start as a nobody. Unlike mount and blade you can't fight ♥♥♥♥. So you grind. You grind for 4 hours in order to fight a basic enemy. You do that and you still are too weak to win as the basic enemies come in packs of 6-10. You grind some more, then some more, then some more, then you finally go into battle and...
you still get your ass whooped and make no profit.
"WTF!" you may say, "you're recommending a experience that sounds like pain in electronic form". That's fair actually because I am doing exactly that. Kenshi is pain. It is honestly boring pain at times. It is pain that is hard to understand, often unfair, and is honestly but ugly. Thing is there is these moments of just bliss. These moments where everything clicks and you feel like you did something cool and good. These moments where you wipe entire nations from the earth with one man's bare fist. Moments where you look at your village and see that you've built a city more lucrative and prosperous than any other in the game. Those moments are what make the game work.
So to summarize the game is painful but when you transcend that pain it is a experience like no other. Get it only if you can handle extreme frustration and anger with the only reward being your own accomplishments.
As a PSA to new players, if you want to have a easy time in the game one of the best things to do is to but a house in a city and turn it into a sweat shop. It's boring but if you go to a city called squin and buy a cheap house then research making bandannas you can sit around and produce them then sell them to the markets in town. You use that money to buy hemp which you make into cloth to make more bandannas. It's slow at first and you won't make much money but as you go on your skills increase and the bandannas are worth more and more. After 3 or 4 hours you will have millions and be able to buy the best armor and weapons in the game. That will make your first run a lot more tolerable.
Posted: August 17, 2019
I set up my base in the valley of Okran, got destroyed because they were jealous of the beautiful and sexy bodies of my robots. I moved to United Cities territory; into the desert, couldn't grow anything except cactus, and got extorted like it was Electronic Arts who was running the land. It's illegal to be poor there. So, obviously, with my previously established exceptional prowess in about everything except getting money, I just packed up and left, deciding to head southeast, towards that corner of the map. I figured "Hey, I tried the center, didn't work so well. I tried the right upper corner, didn't work so well, either. But California is usually nice, so the southeast has got to be good." I moved through this beautifully apocalyptic world, which, to be honest, feels like a mix of Dune and some strange Fallout game (the ones made by Interplay not the Todd experiments), and I was limping my group of dyslexic, incapable, hunks of metal across this place called "The Deadlands" (pretty sweet) where it rains acid consistently, but my useless RoboCops I have are invincible to that crap, so I was doing pretty well. Then, I stumbled upon a Ruin, unlocked the door, and inside, was a bunch of thralls called "The Broken Ones" who called me "master" like this was some sort of weird porn. They where all robot-lads as well, and had pretty dang good stats. So I brought them along with me, back to the northeast, and in the name of the love and peace, I began my invasion of the United Cities capital, where I kidnapped the fat, robust, and inept emperor Tengu, and lumbered out of the city, I then carried him 400 Miles (I assume), built a base, and imprisoned him. Their Army did come and destroy me two days later, but up until then I felt like Liam Neeson and was a pretty cool badass. I give it ten enslaved Hives out of Ten.
Posted: January 9, 2020
Great game if you like simply living in the world instead of being the center of it.
Posted: April 29, 2023
played as a robot, ran into a cult of robots wearing human skin, pretended to be super into the human skin thing but manipulated them so i can use their repair beds. AITA?
Posted: January 18, 2022
It took me 25 of the 33 hours I've played to break out of the mines. My shek comrade and I ended up in them due to a racially charged misunderstanding while running from a small band of hungry bandits. The slave drivers kept talking about Rebirth and shouting at unconscious bodies to work harder. They kept us weak with starvation, and would take us out in random groups of three to work the mines. We got good at picking locks, and loaded ourselves down with the ore we mined in order to build strength. At night, we did stealth laps on the rooftop of the slave quarters, slowly building up our skills to slip past the guards and conduct scouting missions of the rest of the compound. There were always three guards posted at the gate, and if they, the other eight guards, or the overseer spotted us, they would collectively beat us into submission, throw us back into our cages, bandage our wounds, and kiss us goodnight.
The slaver didn't even see it coming, though that's the point of a good stealth knockout. We locked him in a cage, then waited to see what would happen. The guards found him the next day, recited the one about taking all his possessions, and just like that, he was a slave. At night, we practiced assassinating the slaver. He screamed for help, but nobody came. The overseer was showy and didn't wear a helmet. We knocked out and enslaved the guards one by one, dressing them all in slave orange and shackles and displacing the actual slaves from their cages. Eventually, with nowhere left to safely store a slave, the few remaining guards ran around with dead bodies slung over their shoulders, sprinting back and forth from the mines to the compound in a futile bid to keep tabs on things. They didn't go down without a fight, but they went down.
We should have just left, but there was still a question of justice, and some additional teachable moments to be had. We killed the slaver in the alley, then dragged a paladin to the rooftop of the main building. We dressed in their finest and gave them a trial by combat, beating them into submission, waiting for them to regain consciousness, and beating them into submission all over again. Nothing dies easy in this world, and getting knocked down is just what happens before something gets back up. The overseer got a few good shots in, but finally expired in the entryway of the slave quarters. One guard figured out how to pick locks, stole a sword, and ran off into the desert. We were about halfway through our court cases when a random gang of hungry bandits stormed up the stairs. We hid in cages until they left, then took that as our cue to do likewise.
If there's one thing I learned, it's that there's safety in numbers. We would need to expand our crew to have any chance at surviving. One slave followed us out the front gates and, at an adequate distance from the mines, shouted something in amazement and sprinted off in the opposite direction, disappearing into the desert night.
That was our rebirth. We're a little bit stronger and a lot more sneaky, and we definitely have a few new enemies. To celebrate, we bought a bonedog puppy from a nomadic animal trader and named it Spuner. It was promptly mauled half to death by a wild bonedog.
Posted: January 14, 2020
Probably one of the best RPGs I have ever played. Had a squad of 3 people exploring the world when i reached the fog islands everyone kept telling me of all the horrors of the fog but I shrugged it off. One day I ventured far into the Fog islands and found a group of about 50 fogmen just eating some poor bandits alive in their camp, I was disgusted and decided to attack them with only my 3 quite tough squaddies.... only one left haunted by the screams of his 2 friends being ripped limb from limb. One day I will return to the fog with my own army and will kill every last fogman.
Edit: After recruiting some mercs and tech hunters for revenge on the Fogmen I can confirm everyone died.... On my side. I now started a new life as an old robot who met a lovely bunch of humans called the skin bandits seem real cool so gonna hang with them a bit.
Posted: January 31
"this is like sims for the boys" - my friend's girlfriend
Posted: July 25, 2019
There is a reason why all top reviews are stories from players, this is a real RPG that doesn't hold your hand at any moment but gives you the freedom to do whatever you want.
A few tips for ney buyers:
• If you have an SSD, put this game there, it speeds up loading by a lot.
• There are a few mods on the workshop that reduce particles and improve FPS quite a bit.
• For your first playthrough don't read any guides or watch any videos. You'll treasure that forever.
• Once you got the hand of the game mod it to hell, it makes the experience that much better.
• Play however you want and enjoy yourself.

Posted: March 4, 2019
So I bought this game full price because I want to support the devs. But there's something I need to tell Lo-Fi games.
You've got an incredible game and switching to another project is the the stupidest thing you guys could do. I've seen this too many times - some random dev release a masterpiece, they get a lot of money/attention and they think they can do better with all those new resources. They release this new game with better graphics and new ideas. But people just don't like it. 99% of them failed because the chance of a game being a masterpiece is too slim. And if you release one - you'd better stick to it.
Supporting kenshi with some cool DLCs every 3-6 months is the way to go. Both for the money and for making fans happy. Gambling on next game being even better than kenshi is lost bet.
Posted: May 13, 2023
-Sober up on a Sunday morning with nothing but a metal stick and some rags on your back.
-Naruto run into every building and steal whatever they can't see be lost.
-Stumble into a bar and trick every drunken patron to join you in certain death.
-Get plastic surgery and extended your spine to look like a malformed T-rex.
-Fill your backpack with prosthetic limbs and carry the first homeless man you can find for maximum gains.
-Start using the Geneva Convention as a To-do list.
-Start getting panic attacks every time you see a Giraffe.
-Start wearing peoples skin as clothes (it looks better on you than the previous owner)
-Anyone who won't join you now will after they have been starved and beaten with metal sticks.
-Smuggle large amounts of hashish through your neighboring countries borders.
-Crucify the wannabe Jesus loser and drop him of at the porch of his kingdom with buckets for limbs.
-Get killed by a pack of dogs and then be consumed by a spider, leaving an empire of fumbling idiots who relied on you just to fetch some food to continue your dynasty...
To a sane man these sentences read like the ramblings of your local crack addict, but 24 hours into Kenshi this will be clear as day.
The World of Kenshi is your oyster; beat, crack, mutilate, swindle, drug and torture it to your hearts content.
Posted: September 18, 2022
Review after 550 hours
Kenshi is a unique experience. There is absolutely nothing to be compare to it.
Although I can say that it is not for all. There are no Quest Tracker or straight forward objective. You will have to keep your own side notes about what you are planning to do.
Do you want to be a bounty hunter? Grab Wanted notes about some important figures and go hunt them down. Find where they are walking around, sneaky at night and knocked them out. Sometimes they are wanted alive or dead, so that makes it easier! :D
Do you want to play colony building? Grab some more fellas and put them to break metal. Research new technologies and convert your metal to sword, boltguns and so much more. But just be careful where you choose to setup your base, because people will take notice of it and will visit you. Sometimes the visits are not so welcoming.
And if by any change you grow tired of something, just mod it. There are a tons of Mods around which makes this game even better!
There is no clear goal and there is no ending... it is just a sandbox for you to have fun on it and it is amazing. I wish that more games would follow this same recipe.
Posted: May 3, 2013
There are many games i like to play.
but only a few get the amount of play time i give this game.
( as of 12/6/2018)
Stellaris 2,440 hrs on record
7 Days to Die 2,333 hrs on record
Kenshi 2,371 hrs on record
Life is Feudal: Your Own 1,705 hrs on record
ARK: Survival Evolved 1,664 hrs on record
Europa Universalis IV 1,341 hrs on record
Sid Meier's Civilization V 1,122 hrs on record
Second Life, estimated 23,000 hrs
a short list considering i have nearly 400 games. and only 4 games that have over 2k hours.
The game lets you explore, use your mind to concoct stories in your head.
watching the battles is always fascinating.
but on a new start, when you are able to take down your very first enemy and not get knocked out. you feel a sense of accomplishment. you worked hard to get to that point. and now you are ready for your next lesson in humility.
When you make your first weapon and Armour and gear your people up. when you loot that first ruin or tech lab. when you beat your first cleanser unit or your first Leviathan. tow of the hardest animals in the game to take down.
thats when you know you achieved something.
This game will not hold your hand, unless it decides to chop it off first.
When you run into the mists and come across those giant hands popping up from teh ground. when you find lore about the history then you discovered new places and new beasts or enemies
and slowly overcoming them all until few can stand against you.
You feel that sense of accomplishment, you know you did something.
Few games give you this feeling any more.
Few games are even close to what kenshi gives.
Why would you want to buy this game?
because it is one of the best i have ever played. its fun, teh music is original. the art is original. the world is an original and second largest static map made to date.
there is so much to list that i can not in this review.
my only pet peve of the game has been the economy, to me that is the only part of the game that should have been made better and more dynamic.
In the forums my nick comes up very often. for i am a Moderator for the game kenshi.
I have payed out for perks, my Nick is in game for random names and my Character Harmothoe is a NPC.
This review is not part of all that. it is me and why i love this game.
Pros
Endless possibilities of game play
replay value is for as long as you want.
no place is locked away from you. but surviving it will be the hard part.
many different ways to play
no class system.
no level ups. but everything does take time and skill, and you get the skill by doing it.
no points systems.
No counsel commands
Modding editor that lets you do so much. pretty close to Skyrims ability
cons
the economy suffers, its to easy to make money and the system is not very dynamic.
i do not really have any other cons.
A Hymn sung by a bard in Kenshi about my character.
Harmothoe, Harmothoe, she lived a life of anguish!
For chained in Rebirth she was condemned to languish...
'Til one day she'd been ravished by the high paladin most vile!
And she swore her dark vengeance with a murderous smile...
She stashed a long nail, forged to a blade...
And one by one the guards were slayed.
Now the high paladin lies dead, a nail in the eyeball...
With it the name Harmothoe, in blood on the high wall!
Posted: May 16, 2022
Its like Animal Crossing for autistic men
Posted: March 16, 2020
I killed the entire Holy Nation and feel no remorse
Posted: January 14, 2019
"You know when a game looks like sh*t, it's gonna be good" once said a wise man. That's Kenshi for you. A British guy says "I'm gonna make the ultimate game." And he works on it for 12 years, 6 years of it being alone. And he does it. Chris' story is exactly how this game works.
You're not special, you're not a chosen one, but you can make yourself one through hard work. There's no story or quests yet there's so much more to do than those games that do have them. It's a game made for hardcore and patient gamers.
Thought you could attack some goats for food and get away with it? Nope, goats will break your legs if you don't know how to hold a sword. Thought you could wipe out a bandit camp all on your own at the very beginning? You'll be lucky if you can kill a single one of them. Thought a dragon would save you from being a prisoner? You'll die from work if you don't do something to get yourself out. Thought you could build a base out in the wilderness and be left alone? Nope, you'll have to pay tax to soil's owner. Thought paying tax would get you protection? It won't! You'll be attacked by people that are so hungry that they lost their minds, cannibals, wild creatures, bandits, ancient robots, et cetera, et cetera. And they'll chew through your base. They'll chew through everything you worked so hard for. They'll knock your friends out. They'll knock you out. And you'll consider yourself lucky if they capture you and put you in a cage instead of leaving you to bleed to your death, or heck, eat you alive. And these are a mere 1% of the whole experience you'll go through.
Long story short, if you're a person that values graphics and awesome gameplay, stay away from this game. But if you're a person that loves an incredibly immersive, challenging game that doesn't hold your hand, get this masterpiece.
Posted: July 1, 2022
I started off as a slave. I trained my physical skills for weeks doing back-breaking labor, hauling stone, and getting beat up by the guards when I clicked on the ground on accident and moved without permission in their sight. After a month passed by, I decided it was time. I trained my lockpicking, stealth, and assassination. I knocked out my slavmasters, stole their gear, and threw them in their own slave cages. I freed the other slaves and started a riot. The alarms went off, the guards swarmed in from the high towers and I made a run for it.
One of them recognized me through my disguise, and cut me down right while I was near the gate. He took back all the equipment I had gathered for my escape and slapped a new set of chains on me. But at that moment another freed slave made a run for the gate and that diverted the guard's attention. I used this chance to pick the new set of chains, and then make ANOTHER run for it.
I made it out... into a desert filled with rabid dogs, weird starving subhumans that probably wanted to eat me, and other roaming slave groups. Thankfully my feet were fast and I was able to outrun them from all the time training in the slave camp. However I noticed that I had sustained a small bleeding wound to my stomach, and since the guard took back all the gear, including bandages, I had no way of healing it. The wound got worse and worse over time.
I stumbled into a town and my character passed out from lack of blood. The town guards patched me up, but left me in a coma on the ground until I recovered. When I woke up, the town was being attacked by bandits of some sort. I stayed hidden and looted the corpses in the aftermath, and then sold it for my first bit of coin.
And this is where the game really began for me. I wandered from town to town, selling loot. I cooked meat from dead animals to survive. Eventually I recruited friends, and hunt bigger mobs for more and more money. I bought my first home at the Hub and began researching technologies. This is where I am at now.
My plan is to build a base, raise an army, then march back north and take my revenge on the slave camp.
Any game where you can start off a slave, and scale progression to the point where you manage settlements, automate production line, and train squads of elite soldiers and then take over towns is a winner in my book.
Kenshi has the atmosphere of the original Fallout games (1,2). And the UI takes a lot of inspiration from it. It has the open world sandbox and story-telling mode of Rimworld. If you are a fan of 4x games, Kenshi should be on your list of games to play. It should be way more popular, but the crappy graphics and steep learning curve is holding it back. If you can deal with those two things you have quite a treat waiting for you.
Posted: June 12, 2023
Axel was a former slave. Having managed to escape his fate through sheer good fortune, he vowed to free others from slavery. But that was no easy task when he struggled to even simply feed himself. He had no space for pride; he did what he had to to survive, to support and arm himself and, soon, his allies. He gathered those who were outsiders. Shamed warriors, exiled hivers, former bandits, and sought to build them a home. Through great hardship he built a camp, then a village, then a city. 'Freedom', a home to all, safe and fortified, with food, water and shelter aplenty, even amidst an arid wasteland.
For a while, he was proud and satisfied, but one day, he realised he had lost sight of what he had once set out to do. He had made a safe place for people like him, yes, but there were so many still in captivity. So he left his city in the hands of Logan, his first companion, and took off into the deserts. Under the veil of night, he snuck into one of the slaver camps. With half the guard distracted by attacking Skimmers, he stalked the other half, taking them out one at a time and locking them in their own cages. He freed the slaves and had intended to go after the slave master, but found her guards to be too wary and too powerful. When a wandering patrol passed through the camp as well, he was forced into retreat, but even in that defeat, he brought almost twenty men a newfound freedom. Six of them remained by his side, motivated by honour, vengeance, bravery, security or adventure. He looked over these gathered six - their bodies worn, their muscles weakened, their stomachs empty. He had been just like them once. There, he made a decision.
They would be his Chainbreakers.
He would stop building cities and start building armies. He took these six to the edge of the desert, finding refuge with the Tech Hunters and started to train them. They would strike out at bandits and slavers patrols and take their equipment. With little to no experience in combat, they struggled, but Axel always ensured they'd all return home safely, even if not always whole. When they gained in power, they set out to build a camp in the middle of the desert to strike out from. Now out on their own, however, they found themselves beset on all sides. Raids by the slavers that learned to hate them. Attacks organised by the Trader's Guild when they refused to pay for 'protection'. When they almost lost the outpost itself to Reavers, Axel had them retreat, to build a safe place on the edge again.
But even as his Chainbreakers started to build a new community, he realised that he was doing it again. He'd wanted to keep the people who trusted him safe, but that wasn't even what many of them wanted. He stopped them in the middle of their work and brought them back to the camp they had been building with a simple declaration.
They were going to war.
He left for Freedom, the safe place he had once made, to seek recruits for his new war. He returned with an army. The small camp became his second city, Liberation, a citadel built for war. Inspired by his newfound fire, his Chainbreakers pushed themselves. Brave Metaru sacrificed his own limbs, replacing them with steel, so he could better protect others. Vengeful Hew built a prison for their enemies and an arena for training - and to make them bleed. Honourable Harp built a home and a hospital, to keep their own safe. Once fearful Hengu took the animals under his wing, leading his pack into battle. Scheming Maggie saved the bandits that had once attacked them from starvation by trading their cell for one in the United Cities, letting the slavers fund their own downfall. And manic Dirt ensured that none could approach their citadel, setting traps and defences that annihilated almost anyone before they could breach the gates.
When the United City taxmen next came, they were faced with walls that were bristling with turrets and Axel waiting for them by the gate. There would be no more hiding, no more cowering. He would no longer appease them to stay safe, hoping that "one day" he would finally strike back. Nothing more would be given. Not one cent. Not one inch.
Until all were free, the desert sands would run red.
---
This is the story I have written - and am still writing - in Kenshi. I didn't go in intending to do so and I don't normally do so, it just... Happened. Because while many games like to tout that you can 'do anything' and 'play it your way', Kenshi makes true on it. It will not be for everyone. It is best played by accepting loss, because you will see a lot of it, but the more hardship you face, the more you will grow. Your characters will be beaten and robbed, will have their limbs chewed off by wild animals, find themselves captured and enslaved and yet in Kenshi it is not just possible, but basically expected that you will recover from all of that.
The game is buggy and slow to load, many of the aesthetics aren't pretty (often deliberately, I think) and the balance in the game is all over the place. Yet I keep finding myself returning. Because there really is nothing like it.
Posted: June 20, 2022
1. I have never heard of this game.
2. I saw this was a game my friend previously played
3. I thought -Hmmm... why so many good reviews?
4. I decided to go crazy and pay full price for a game that looks like a buggy indie disaster.
5. I fell in love with Kenshi.
6. I realized the game looking like things only found in my nightmares turned out to be a beautiful creation, the appearance being so loose allowed for such a level of absolute freedom I never knew could exist in a game.
7. I have had this game for less than a week and i am already approaching 100 Hours of gameplay.
8. I decided to look into the lore of the developer and creator of this game by going to youtube and looking for the history of this game, i wasnt even informed to do this, i simply wanted to know the history because this game feels like the developer took so much time to create this game i can tell just by the way the map pathing system and the terrain in general of the world is so beautiful it feels like every path taken has been refined and sharpened over thousands of developer hours.. this is something you will not expect, the trailer doesn't do this game any justice and yet it is the mystery of the trailer for this game and the overwhelming reviews and now learning the history of this game- it only makes me wish i had found it sooner... it only makes me wish- for a sequal... because this is just.. it's amazing... there are like 100 different biomes on this single giant map over 300km in size, there are internal wars, this game is alive as soon as you make your character, immediately the game starts rolling dice in the background and everything comes to life, literally, like a micro universe, it's really a wild ride and i urge everyone who likes games like this, to give it an honest try, i swear it's unreal.
Posted: November 12, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I am going to give you the experience of my first playthrough. Prepare for a read. No 'TLDR' you lazy bums!
I awoke in “The Hub”, a small and dilapidated city.
My name? Jakku. Ex-Hive member. Worker class.
Stricken with a sense of ambition long since forgotten amongst my brethren, I left the shackles of my home to create a mark in this world.
Step one? Get a weapon.
I knew I needed to fund my endeavours, so I began doing what I knew. I worked.
Mining for days on end. The sun rose and set many days as my steel-hardened hands chiselled away at the copper vein.
The world was a blur. Many traders, escaped slaves, and bandits wandered past as I made my repeated trips to the nearest trade-hub.
Eat, mine, sell. Repeat.
I now had money to buy a better weapon.
Step one? Success.
Slavers …
They repeatedly harassed me, alongside nearby dust bandits.
One group nearly caught me. They broke my arm. But days of trading and running ore back and forth has strengthened my legs. They could not keep up.
I needed protection.
Step two? Get a friend.
I narrowly escaped the ire of a nearby bandit leader with a substantial bounty on his head, only to stumble into an almost hostile Shek community.
They don’t like “bugs”.
I found no help. Only insults. I rest in a bed to let my arm heal. I can’t wield my Naginata with only one arm.
Many moons pass. I dream of standing atop my own city. Strong, powerful, and satisfied.
I awake. I notice one awkward looking Shek in the corner. Her name is Ruka. She has been outcast, and wishes to join me.
I accept my new comrade and we venture onward.
Ruka, the former warrior treats me with somewhat disdain. Yet, she will learn the true strength of commitment and hard work.
She works the ore veins with me. She protects me.
Our closest call is a pack of wolves. Ruka valiantly falls as she protects me. I carry her to the nearby Ninja Trading hub. The guards rush out to protect their most loyal customer.
We lay in bed. Healing, and dreaming of our futures.
We decide to gather our equipment and move onward.
We wonder the desert for a day, and encounter a large city.
‘The Holy Nation’.
They don’t take kindly to outsiders.
They attack us.
I run. My legs, conditioned by years of backbreaking labour, assist me in outrunning the fools.
Ruka, too stalwart and stoic for most of her life …doesn’t fare so well. Her heavy legs drag her down and she is captured and imprisoned.
I escape to the nearest mountaintop, and I wait.
I am Jakku. Ex-Hive member. Worker class. Loyal companion.
I wait.
Ruka, while incarcerated, works daily on improving her clandestine skills. Lockpicking, stealth, and shadows become her ally.
From the mountaintop I watch. I never remove my gaze from her cell block.
Days pass. I am unwavering in my focus.
The slight flicker of a flame torch ....and finally, I see Ruka!
She glides through the shadows. She is as a different person. A creature. A wraith sweeping through the base unbeknownst to the Holy Nation fools.
I am proud to call her ‘friend’.
Ruka doesn’t see the small army of soldiers returning from their patrol. She is going to be caught.
I sweep down the mountainside and intercept the patrol. Distracted, they give chase. Now Ruka Now!
I easily slip the fools. And return to my perch and wait.
I hear footsteps behind me.
It is a familiar face. Ruka.
We nod at each other in a sign of stoic respect.
Together we move on. Far away from the Holy Nation fools.
We head south. Toward the swamp.
Along our path we encounter a small tavern. Inside we refresh our supplies.
I encounter a former Hive Prince.
He is eccentric, but I sense honesty in his eyes.
He introduces himself as ‘Koto’.
We welcome him into the fold. A new comrade.
Upon approach to the swamp, I recall a warning I had overheard in the tavern; “Beware the swamp-spiders”.
We take care to watch our footing.
A large town appears as if from nowhere, and we settle in for a short stay.
Something doesn’t seem right. The townsfolk are divergent.
They seem to be in a state of civil war.
We attempt to move onward until we are accosted by one of the faction’s leaders.
She threatens us.
My companions do not enjoy seeing me threatened.
They draw their weapons and eviscerate the fool.
We move onward.
Nightfall arises and we decide to set up camp.
The consensus is that we will move to an isolated location …far away from this putrid swamp, and set up a defensive position.
My ambitions will be met. We will become strong together!
As we leave the swamp, Koto notices a small ‘ruin-like’ structure nearby.
We deviate course to investigate.
Abandoned. However, a large building with a locked door promises hidden rewards. A perfect opportunity to fund our future bastion.
We lay waste to the door and stand witness to a library of books and treasure!
I take all my bag can carry.
I attempt to fetch Koto to hand him some extra books, but he doesn’t respond …
Swamp spiders! How could I have forgotten?!
Koto lay there. Dying.
Ruka steps in to help, but is quickly overcome by four of the fiends.
I am all that is left standing.
Do I run? Do I fight?
I am Jakku. Ex-Hive member. Worker class. Loyal companion.
I swing my Naginata, and am quickly surrounded. The beasts are relentless. Soon, I am felled.
I lay there, faking my demise.
The spiders, hideous beasts, quickly surround Koto. He is being eaten alive.
Ruka is dead.
I have an opportunity. I can run. My legs are un-injured. I can make it if I run without hesitation.
I weigh up my decisions.
I am Jakku. Ex-Hive member. Worker class. Loyal companion .
The darkness envelopes me…
Posted: February 23, 2021
This game cured my save-scumming addiction.
I usually reload a save in games if I don't get my own way. I'm a huge fan of RPGs, but every time I messed up, or a spell had a wild surge, or one of my characters died, I'd reload. This habit became an addiction, so that every minor inconvenience was resolved by a quick save reload. Failed to pick the merchant's pocket? Reload. Failed a persuasion check at 80% chance? Reload, it'll pass next time. It made the essence of role-playing meaningless because every decision I made didn't matter. And that brings me on to this game...
Kenshi is rough. You're not the hero. At least not at the start. You're just an ordinary peasant trying to find some bread so you don't starve to death. In an attempt to get some meat, I attempted to fight a few goats outside the starting area and got swiftly pummelled into a coma. Save reloaded. I tried to steal from the bar I was in, got caught and chopped up by the shops ninja guards, who casually dumped me outside to bleed to death. Save reloaded. I went outside the base and found someone unconscious on the ground with a destroyed arm. As I looted the body he suddenly woke up and knocked me out with his good arm, stole what little food I had and left me there to starve. Save reloaded.
I was getting a little frustrated with the constant reloading. I'd managed to find a big city and wanted to get some new team members but they cost far too much money. In the process of stealing some bread I was swiftly caught by a guard I hadn't noticed and beaten unconscious and tossed in a cell. I was frustrated and wanted to reload, but I wanted to see how it would play out. I was taken to a cell where I was left to rot for a day or so, and was later picked up by a guard, they escorted me for miles across the map, sent to a well guarded slave camp, and my character's will was broken as he got the "obedient slave" job automatically allocated, and began mining stone in the huge pit full of other underfed broken souls.
But my guy didn't lose hope. I was still alive. Rather than the annoyance I felt earlier, I actually enjoyed my new challenge. Days of picking my locks at night, scouting the camp and guard patrols, finding other slaves and unlocking their shackles, making escape attempts and getting caught and beat up, tied to a pole in the sun as punishment.
But I got better at it, my toughness was higher, my running speed had gone up, my sneak skill improved, and one night freed and rallied as many slaves as I could, we all snuck up to a side gate that was less guarded then made a bolt for it. Some of us got beat up, some ran for it and got chased down, some stopped to fight. In the chaos I was able to slip past the guards. Eventually a few other slaves caught up to me. One made a run for it, the other two were so pleased they joined my party for free!
It felt like the whole thing was scripted, but this was just something that happened to me as I was playing. And I realised none of it would have happened if I had reloaded my save.
And thus my love for this game was cemented. The only game to stop me save-scumming and easily makes my top 3.
Kenshi, is, amazing.
Posted: April 5, 2022
TL,DR: There are a lot of issues with this game. It's not the most stable, the loading times can be a bit much, and it can eat RAM like a LAN party going through Doritos and Mountain Dew (I recommend 8+ gigs of RAM and an SSD). It's also the best damn sandbox I've ever played in. I'm 400+ hours in, and I regret NOTHING.
---------------------------------------
The game will tell you in several places that you're not special. You're not a "chosen one" or a "destined hero." You're not stronger than anyone else, and you have no plot armor. There's no clever level design to keep you from running into a high level area within your first five minutes, and you WILL get your ass beat. Your best tactic until the mid game is to carefully pick your battles and then simply run like hell. It's like playing an old school Fallout, only without a main quest. Or any kind of structured side quest.
Which means that there's nothing except the limitations of the engine and your own creativity to hold you back.
You want to play it like a wandering trader? You can do that.
A single player stealth ninja and steal yourself some awesome gear? Yup, you can do that too.
Squad based RTS? Yeah, that's easy.
Want to set up your own city and play tower defense? Heck yeah!
Join a faction (there are too many to list) and start waging war against your enemies? Yup.
Play a bounty hunter, running around and kidnapping ever major character before turning them in for money? Of course!
Mod the heck out of it and have a completely different game than the one you just spent 500 hours playing? Oh, yeah.
About the only things you CAN'T do are play it like a JRPG or an FPS.
Be warned though. Not only will you get your ass beat a lot (pain is weakness leaving the body!), but the setting of Kenshi is really only for ages 14+. Slavery, racism, sexism, theocratic dictatorships, alcohol, drugs, dismemberment, face eating spiders, cannibalism, police brutality, class warfare, hostile gorilla-frogs, giant death robots, not so giant death robots, friendly not so giant death robots, carnivorous echolocating giraffe-camels, space lasers, Beep, pushy insect people salesmen, book banning, bad pathfinding, horrible red rain effects, Beep, taxes, door to door salesmen, and traveling preachers all play prominent roles in the Kenshi experience.
Posted: February 25, 2023
It's a bit like RimWorld, but you become a martial artist on a post-apocalyptic moon. In RimWorld, thriving is easy. In Kenshi, you're barely surviving. Every encounter might be the death of you, until you get beat up enough to withstand the raiders and the slavers and the bigots of the desert. Honest work doesn't pay, so it's very realistic.
The graphics look a bit dated. Despite this, the game has it's moments. The desert feels vast and unwelcoming.
Despite the simplicity of the controls, the game seems to have a lot of depth, and makes for good stories. Like this one time I tried to carry a known felon into jail, but ended up accidentally attacking some allies who beat me up, and as I was laying there unconscious, a few slavemongers walked by, decided to cuff me and carry me to the other side of the map. Luckily, the slavers were attacked by hungry bandits, and I managed to escape while they were distracted. Made my way to the nearest town, and laid low until my hair grew back (don't want to look like a slave). Then I found a guy selling bonedog puppies. Bought one. Immediately got attacked by a pack of wild bonedogs, who mutilated my puppy. Did my best to carry the pup into a town so I could heal it, but 50m from the gates another bandit group attacked me and killed the puppy. I was devastated.
10/10 will play again.
Posted: May 17, 2021
Kenshi: you will wonder what the hell are you supposed to do, you will get enslaved, you will die , you will start another character, you will get Ruka, Ruka will die because she is a Shek and you brought her into HN territory, The HN will put you in a cage and make you watch Ruka die since it'll take you 2 days to get out of your cage and Ruka is dying in the desert right in front of their city. You will flee , you will hate the HN, you will recruit people with the sole purpose of destroying the HN. You will train your rookies so they can beat the Hell out of the HN, and then one day....you will march over them and throw them all in YOUR OWN CAGES and watch their leaders die out of attrition, only then, you will think about how Ruka should've been there to enjoy all of this with you, and you will reign over the Okran country with sorrows because...HOW COULD THEY DO THIS TO RUKA IN THE FIRST PLACE! Okranites.....I hate Okranites......

Posted: June 25, 2019
Spent 160 hours playing a hive-only iron mode character where I raised a squad of 30 combat drones, and got tonnes of research. Set up near the cannibal plains because I wanted to kill off the holy nation and train fighting them, but end up spending most of my time fighting cannibals. And then the holy nation decides to attack my heavily defended outpost equipped with harpoon mkII turrets. All is going well I kill off all of their soldiers - then suddenly, as my main character was fighting their war leader and beating him he gets struck in the chest by a friendly harpoon shot gone astray and dies instantly barely giving me time to register what just happened.
I delete the save since I promised myself it was ironman mode.
8/10 good game lots to do. Lots of hours to enjoy. Can't wait for Kenshi 2.
Posted: May 26, 2021
I've put more than 2,000 hours into this game over the last 5 years.
That's my review.
EDIT: the numbers are now 5,700 hours and 8 years, and I still stand by my review.
Posted: February 2, 2023
I almost failed school and ruined my future because of this game. 10/10
Posted: February 20, 2019
Kenshi is an absolute gem for one very special reason.
The graphics are practically stone age. I mean, Planescape outperforms it in terms of texture quality, richness and detail. The pathing is simply awful, the item variety is remarkably limited, there are so many bugs you're practically drowning in them, and there is no linear central story to speak of. But that doesn't matter, because absolutely none of those things have anything to do with Kenshi's undeniable appeal to anyone who is a fan of fluid, reactive roleplaying.
This is the small squad/large squad/solo RTS RPG that I have always dreamed of, and I've been dreaming about this stuff for close to 30 years now. It's an open world where the goals you draw up for yourself set the stage for a story of your own making, not because you carefully play everything out (although you will try), but because you are constantly forced to react to outcomes that are completely beyond your control. The characters that you create, recruit and customise all have roles to play in the story, and how, when and where you use them form the fabric of your experience in a stark and graphically-challenged - but also somehow still hauntingly beautiful - alien world.
The sprawling landscapes make you feel small. And you are small. Everyone wants to beat you up and take your cookies. Everyone. Well, almost everyone. And you're under no obligation to play the game in any particular way.
Scour the ruins with a small group of tech hunters. Become thieves and clean out whole towns under cover of night. Join up with religious zealots who have some pretty backward ideas and cleanse the many biomes of heretics. Build an outpost and smuggle sake and hash into towns full of desperate escapists. Buy a slave. Become a slave. Lose a leg. Get a new one. Break your friends out of a camp full of people who plan to have them for dinner. Literally.
Kenshi is a blast if you're the sort of person who loves making decisions, then second guessing them, then regretting the last one you made, then making another one that you know will have disastrous consequences, and somehow having it all work out because swamp monsters ate all your enemies while you were out back growing hemp.
Kenshi doesn't need a story. Kenshi is every story.
Fun game. Would die in a puddle of my own legs again.
Posted: September 2, 2020
It's my very first playthrough. I start the game, my character is awaken in a broken down home. I have a dog and no clothes. I don't know what's going on. I decide to wander outside the building to find myself in the ruins of a city. Everyone is poor and I'm pretty sure my dog and I are starving. I leave the town in hopes to find answers, and food.
Immediately after I leave town, I notice a large fight in the distance. I watch from afar hoping to not attract attention. Eventually one group wins. I rush in to loot some of the bodies and walk off with some medical kits and poor people armor. So far not bad!
As I'm walking I see what looks like a well-formed military force. "Hey guys!" I say! "He looks poor, that's a crime" I'm told as suddenly I realize they are not my friends. I run. A lot. Eventually they give up chase because literally they just wanted to hunt me for being poor. I still have my dog, he looks hungry, I have no gotten food.
I walk to the coast, thinking water = fish. I see a weird looking guy and I attempt to attack him with my dog. Hey, don't judge me, this is the apocalypse and I haven't eaten. Anyway I guess that guy was a fighter cause he kicked my ass. As I'm running away I realize I'm being chased by what looks over some desert tribe. I hover over their name. They're cannibals. I'm captured. They beat my dog up and eat him. Okay, that was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brutal.
They take me to their campsite where I'm tied to a large stick. I'm plotting my escape and mourning my dog. "There must be a way out" I think, naively. As I'm plotting I notice they bring another adventurer and tie her up to the campsite. This is actually good for me, cause once I escape, I'm going to unlock her too and then we can fi-- okay they untied her and- oh my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ god are they cooking he- JESUS CHRIST THEY'RE EATING HER. Okay that plan goes away.
I eventually escape in the middle of the night while the camp is sleeping. I venture out into the desert and die by a 30 foot grasshopper.
10/10 would wander off into the desert to die again.
Posted: July 30, 2023
4 hours in and I have been mugged, attacked by a big bug, caught smuggling drugs, mugged again, attacked by a bigger bug, enslaved, freed myself from slavery, got lost in the middle of nowhere, attacked by hivers and died.
10/10 would do it again!
Posted: April 11, 2023
How in the flying ♥♥♥♥ can I possibly convince anyone, my friends or anyone else, that this game where you:
Can get abducted and beaten into slavery,
Sold to the highest bidder,
Ambushed by cannibals,
Then eaten by said cannibals,
ALL happening in the same afternoon,
a relaxing "fun" time?
It is. It's FUN being almost beaten to death, then overcome the obstacles, and survive in Kenshi out of SPITE.
Posted: December 5, 2022
Product received for free
Started the game with a missing arm, no clothes, and starving. Stranded in the desert, I wandered for two in-game days before the samurai came rushing to my rescue.
They beckoned me to speak with them, and I happily did. Hoping they'd give me some food and some directions, they instead insulted me. Told me I was committing a crime for starving, and then they instantly killed me.
10/10, would recommend the experience. I hate this game.
