Posted: June 22, 2017
Ever just sit back and watch the clouds? Just relaxing and watching them go by not a care in the world? So simple and beautiful and as a bonus the clouds can become whatever you imagine. That’s the best way to describe Transistor simple, beautiful, and filled to the brim with imagination.
+Pros
+Artstyle
Absolutely gorgeous. All the art is done is stunning detail in the futuristic sci-fi city of Cloud Bank. As for the enemies easily identifiable but with enough color variation to make sure you can react appropriately to them in a combat situation.
+Customization
Quite simple at first but turns into an absolutely complex blast that let’s the players imagine exactly how they want to play the game. As an explanation, you’ll have one weapon ,the Transistor, but many different abilities to play around with starting with something as simple as slamming your Transistor into an enemy and then eventually making your Transistor a black hole generator that can obliterate a dozen enemies at a time. The game also takes these abilities and gives the player full control of customizing in the form of passive abilities for your primary skills that you use in combat ,say turning a death beam into a splitting death beam that goes in 3 directions and can bounce off enemies. As well as passive abilities for just the character such as being able to pull objects from farther away and having more health. Overall, this gives the player tons of freedom in combat playstyle.
+Gameplay
Again, simple at first with running around in a locked arena, dodging your enemies, and using your abilities but quite early on the game introduces the unique mechanic of “turns”, which is basically pausing the game and deciding precisely which moves and abilities you want to use and then executing it in a speedy fashion allowing the player to do some absolutely ridiculous damage combos. However, the drawback of using a turn is that you can’t use any abilities (without special enhancements) until your turn has fully recharged so it’s important that you leave enough space between you and the enemies to make sure you don’t lose a ton of health when your turn is up. A simple but super fun mechanic that makes you feel like a god when you dodge a ton of projectiles then proceed to turn around and annihilate everyone.
+Soundtrack
Possibly Transistor’s strongest selling point this soundtrack is so simple and mesmerizing but also fits the mood of the game perfectly for when you’re taking in more information on the lore of the world or for when you’re fighting and take a “turn” and you hear the soothing voice of Red as you plan your next action.
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
+Story
As this game was made by the same people who made Bastion it can be quite unclear what the game is about during your first playthrough but there’s a ton of information on the lore of the world and it’s characters that can be unlocked simply by using abilities in different ways in combat and interacting with terminals to get the latest news on what’s happening in Cloud Bank. However, once you do understand the background of the story and the purpose of the main character ,Red, it turns into a beautiful and tragic story about love, envy, and greed. For a full explanation on the story check out this guide.
The Plot of Transistor 
A Guide for Transistor
By: Reaper
Finished the game and confused about the story? Don't worry, this guide is here to help.
-Cons
-/+Length
Very short game (took me about 12 hours to complete the game on NG+100%) as with the right build you can obliterate all enemies very quickly but thankfully there is New Game+ so replayability is present in the game.
-Repitition
For combat, the game will lock you in a fixed area and until you defeat all the enemies that spawned you basically can't leave. This can get quite reptitive as you walk into an area, game locks you in, enemies spawn and then you kill them rinse and repeat for the whole game. However, because of the sheer amount of fun I had with the "turn" system and the abilities I never got bored.
Final Verdict(9/10)
An absolutely gorgeous masterpiece that leaves a lot of the fun to the player with speedy combos and a fantastic soundtrack to match. Worthy of buying at full price.
Posted: October 4, 2014
Transistor is the second game from Supergiant Games, the developers of the critically acclaimed Bastion. Those who have doubts about whether this game lives up to Bastion's expectation can be at ease: Transistor delivers and more.
Story:
You play as Red, a famous singer in the city of Cloudbank. One night after a performance, a group of people, the Camerata, attempted to kill Red with a strange, green sword, but she was saved by someone.
Waking up, she found herself next to the corpse of a man, stabbed by that same sword: the Transistor. The sword starts speaking, and not only that, but seems to know her. Urging her to pull it out of the corpse, the two start tracking the Camerata down, seeking answers, while fighting what seems to be robotic creatures sent to hunt them down.
But things may not be as they seem.
The story of Transistor seem simple and straight-forward on the surface, but most of it isn't handed down to the player, instead inferred and concluded from various hints noticed in the environment, character interaction and character profiles. It encourages the player to seek answers along the main character, and leaves a lot up for interpretation. That's something I like in a game.
One downside to the story however, is how short it is. It's far too short, the game is far too short. You'll be left wanting more, even with "recursion", playing a second play through with your stats intact.
Gameplay:
The gameplay is a mix of Action RPG and traditional turn-based RPG, using the Turn() system that I will touch upon soon. Red is able to equip up to 4 slots of "Functions", essentially abilities, upgrade those functions with up to two functions a slot, and assign functions as passive abilities, for up to 4 passives.
In battle, Red wields the Transistor. In Diablo style, she can use the numbers 1, 2, 3 and 4 on the keyboard to select an ability, then the right-mouse button to use that ability. Abilities can be offensive, such as shooting a long-range beam or a destructive shockwave, or supportive, such as turning invisible for a period of time or turning enemies friendly.
The Turn() system adds a new depth to the action RPG. It allows Red to stop time momentarily in order to plan and input a certain number of commands: attacking, setting up traps, maneuvering around the map to escape enemy clusters or get behind obstacles, you can do all that. But once all commands are preformed and the Turn() bar is depleted, Red is left (almost) unable to attack until it recharges again; use Turn() at your own discretion, balancing attack and defense.
The game offers the choice of "limiters", handicaps that increase the difficulty of the game in return for better EXP awards. There are achievements you can only get by using limiters, the hardest achieved with all 10 limiters. In addition, there is a "sandbox" unlocked in-game that allows you to tackle specific-themed challenges, like a speed challenge, or a Turn-planning challenge.
Graphics:
Transistor uses an isometric point of view, being able to go in all 2D directions. The sprites are smooth and look good, but the highpoint of the graphics is the artwork. The character portraits, whether in-game or in profiles, are drawn beautifully. The artist, Jen Zee, did a brilliant, detailed job, and it shows even on the OST cover.
Sound:
Here is where Transistor really shines. The game's OST is amazing. From Ashley Lynn Barrett's beautiful voice in The Spine, In Circles, and other songs, to Darren Korb setting up poignant, melancholic instrumentals that fit the mood perfectly. Tracks play hand-in-hand with gameplay, showing up at specific times for maximum impact, further heightening the experience.
I highly recommend getting the OST along with the game, if you can. Well worth the extra bucks.
Summary:
Transistor is a beautiful, enjoyable game. It has a bittersweet, albeit short, story that forces the player to think. Brilliant soundtrack, and beautiful artwork. The gameplay won't last you long, but there is decent replayability in it. Try picking it up immediately whenever it's on sale.
Posted: May 20, 2014
Just beat the first playthrough, and I have to say this game was totally up to my expectations.
-Combat was different and tactical, yet enjoyable
-Art Style was beautiful, especially on the cut-scenes
-Story kept me glued to the screen
-I took about 6 hours going through the first playthrough, that is with some time spend on the challenges
-Totally looking forward to the Recursive Mode 2nd playthough
Update After Recursive mode playthrough and 100% Achievements
-Combat still hasn't gotten old, I love how you can drastically change up how you play by just swaping some skills around
-Art is still spot on
-Enjoyed the story the second time even more, helped me notice little things I didn't pick up the first time
-Limters were a cool concept
-The later challenges were perfectly hard without being unfair
-This game was totally worth $20
-Definate buy if this game is on sale!!
Couldn't have asked for more.
I totally recommend Transistor!
Thanks Supergiant for making a fantastic game.
Posted: June 28, 2016
I'm older than the rest of you yahoos. Real life gets ... real. Games don't catch you like they did as a kid. Other worries vie for control of your mind even as you try to get away from them; after they're dealt with the mental fatigue often prevents you from getting immersed in a game (or anything) like you did in yesteryear.
For a year or so I've been eye-ing Transistor, trying to discern its worth. It looked so flashy and neat, but experience has taught me that most such games nowadays have invested far too much in glitz and not enough in depth. They're shallow and vapid, something you regret wasting your time on after an hour. False promises and empty husks. A time waster at best.
Transistor cut through all the old-age baggage and cobwebs-- all the accumulated life-experience that a younger me would just call cynicism-- and hit me in my gut. Maybe my heart. It sucked me in, keeping me up until 3 AM on workdays.
There is genuine ART in this game. I'm thoroughly impressed, and wish I had bought it before. Thank you, Supergiant Games.
Posted: December 29, 2014
I feel like I need to set the record straight on Transistor. The biggest complaint I've heard about it is that the story is inscrutable and there isn't much of it. First of all, that is not true, but more importantly it just doesn't matter. Transistor is a masterpiece because you don't have to be a detective to enjoy the game. It is, at its very root, a simple love story. If you can appreciate that much and enjoy the beautiful art and incredible music, than you have a game well worth buying.
Beyond that there is the mystery of Cloudbank to uncover, and the many philosophical questions to answer. We are taught to value the voices of each person and try to create a consensus that serves to make everyone happy. Transistor toys with the idea of a "vote" vs. a "choice." Transistor is not preaching any answers, and that's why I think the narrative may come off as weak. We have villains who could be heroes and a main character who reasonably and selfishly just wants to pursue her own life without getting embroiled in any political machinations.
This is a supremely beautiful work of art and in so many ways that I will easily recommend it to everyone. Explore the world of Cloudbank for awhile and decide how much you want to discover. I promise that even a short trip will be a memorable one.
Posted: June 18, 2017
So beautiful it hurts.
This game will get you right in the feels. The art is amazing, the soundtrack is great to listen to, and the gameplay is surprisingly addictive (you get several "functions" that have different abilities and you can mix and match them for different combinations). The story is interesting and the voice of the narrator is so soothing to listen to.
Buy this. Seriously. You will NOT regret it.

Posted: August 10, 2015
AT A GLANCE
(Full review follows below)
Game Name: Transistor
Original Release: 2014
Genre Tags: RPG; Isometric; Atmospheric; Excellent Soundscape; Sci-Fi
My Overall Grade: A
Estimated Playtime (Campaign): 7-14 hours
Multiplayer Aspect: None
Recommended To: Established fans of the genre; Those intrigued by the genre; Aesthetes; Game atmosphere connoisseurs
REVIEW
Transistor is a story-driven, linear experience that boasts a soulful blend of action-RPG and isometric hack-and-slash. Beautiful graphics and the alluring, lullaby soundscape create a marvelously intriguing atmosphere that is sure to appeal to nearly any gamer. The narrative is interesting, but doesn’t explain everything and leaves a lot of room for interpretation. Together, these aspects create a very entertaining, albeit somewhat short, experience.
Probably the first thing you will notice is how aesthetically pleasing this game is. If you are someone who enjoys games with graphics that feel like interactive paintings, you will definitely enjoy the art-style in Transistor. Complementing the beautiful art is the serenading, sing-song soundscape. These elements are perfectly crafted and blended to create a truly inspired atmosphere.
The game drops you right into the thick of the narrative, and things are slowly explained as you progress through the story. However, the explanations of things are far from “spoon-fed,” and much of the story is open to interpretation. The tale unfolds during gameplay for the most part, so things stay lively rather than there being many plot-development inspired lulls in the action. Be aware that because of this style of narrative gameplay, the game is very linear and it will continue to usher you from one spot to the next with little room for exploration.
The combat and actual gameplay mechanics are an interesting blend of RPG elements, isometric hack-and-slash, and turn-based tactical planning. You will gain experience as you play and can unlock new abilities which can then be combined in various ways to keep things fresh as you progress through the game. A dynamic difficulty system, Limiters, is another appealing aspect of the game. Using these, you can increase the difficulty of the game in various ways (more enemies, stronger enemies, less access to abilities, etc.) which allows you to customize the gameplay to your skill level.
One downside is that the game is rather short. However, you also can’t even unlock everything in a single playthrough no matter how thorough you are— so the game is clearly designed to be played through at least twice. That said, I personally would have much preferred if the game was twice as long with the ability to unlock everything in one playthrough.
In short, Transistor is a very well designed game that certainly has a very unique identity. This underlying novelty combined with the charming atmosphere provides a truly enthralling gameplay experience. I would say any all-around gamer will enjoy this game, and obviously fans of the genre(s) even more so. Expect 8 to 15 hours depending on if you want to do everything and play through a second time.
Follow my curation page to see more of my recommendations!
Posted: October 24, 2014
"Hey, Red... we're not gonna get away with this, are we?" -Mr. Nobody

Posted: May 20, 2014
First impression: fantastic sound and art direction, just as expected. Seriously, if you decide to buy this (and you probably should), make sure to crank up your volume, put on your best headset and maybe slap some glue on its speakers so you can never take 'em off again. Trust me, you're not gonna want to.
So what do we have here? Let me just sum things up:
- Logan Cunningham: check. The voice behind Rucks from Bastion is back, do I need to say more?
- Story-telling through narration: check. This is done in almost the same manner as before, with one minor difference I won't mention for those who'd rather find out on their own.
- Gorgeous, vibrant artwork by Jen Zee[jenzee.deviantart.com]: check, check and check. Jen is one of my favorite artists and she no doubt has outdone herself yet again.
- Breathtaking musical score: no comment. If you're still not sold by words alone, check out the soundtrack on YouTube and draw your own conclusions.
What's different from Bastion?
- Combat mechanics: confusing at first as you'd probably be expecting action-packed hack n' slash, but in the end it boils down to being a curious hybrid of Frozen Synapse's tactical gameplay and some of Bastion's core mechanics, all mashed together into something I find difficult to describe. Personally, it also reminds me of The Bureau's "Battle Focus", just minus all the slo-mo. Powers and combos are there: as before in Bastion, you'll probably spend some time looking for a perfect skill combination to cater your own playstyle, which is a fun experience in its own right as there are quite a few options to pick from.
-Game length: I finished it in under 7 hours with most of the challenges completed. While it IS a lot shorter than Bastion, you still get access to New Game+ upon completion so you can blast your way through it again. I still find game's length disappointing however, so if you're really concerned about that, I'd strongly advise you to wait for sale.
In general, Transistor is still as charming, well-paced and beautiful as its predecessor: you can absolutely tell they're both cut from the same cloth. But, while Bastion was somewhat more experimental in terms of narration, Transistor takes a bold step forward and puts even more information at your disposal than before. Which is probably a good thing. That is, if you like reading. Well, you've come this far, so I'll just assume you do.
Issues I ran into so far:
- My only and the main gripe with this game: abnormal, seemingly random freezing. I'm not talking "locking up at checkpoint saves" kind of freezes, either. I had to ctrl+alt+del at least 6 times due to it completely freezing up on me, "hl2.exe has stopped working"-style, with looping sound and everything. AFAIK this is a common problem at the moment of writing, so you've been warned.
P.S. Hold TAB while you're in game. Don't ask, just do it. :)
Posted: May 20, 2014
(WARNING: LONG COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW, READ EDIT 4 FOR OVERALL SUMMARY)
This game is created by the same makers as Bastion, which is one of my favorite games ever. Upon loading, Transistor is visually appealing, and Logan Cunningham (Rucks in Bastion) makes a reappearance which is exciting. Controls are fluid, music is amazing--I'm very excited to play through this game!
EDIT 1: After playing for about an hour, I must say that I think all the expectations I have had for this game are met. Unlike Bastion, which was more of a go-get-em game, Transistor really makes you think and analyze your tactics in battle, especially with the new "time stop" system where you can plan out your actions (each move you make will cost part of your "energy bar"). There are plentiful save points, and a nice level-up system to improve your skillset. The game is mysterious so far, and I think it really fits into the mood. However, some people might dislike how the story isn't really clear, and you're just following the path without much reason until (supposedly) later on in the game when things will be made more clear.
My only qualms with the gameplay itself are the somewhat repetitive nature of the fights (although each fight calls for new tactics), and the somewhat tricky level-up system which seems a bit arbitrary. The upgrades arn't clearly defined as to what exactly they do. Overall, some parts of the game feel like I'm not sure what's going on or what I'm supposed to do to upgrade the Transistor with, but that just adds to the mysterious nature of the game at the beginning.
EDIT 2: Having come across the first "boss" now, I really think that I can speak for all people when I say--wow. The way in which the "characters" speak is amazing. The fight had me on my toes, really making me consider the best way to defeat it without losing too much health. I was blown away at how the screen colors changed and blurred as I started to lose more and more health.
EDIT 3: After tinkering for a while at an Access Point (checkpoints basically), I think I figured out exactly how the upgrades work. The Transistor has four slots which hold a primary ability. Each primary ability has two secondary "upgrade" slots. In addition, you have four passive slots. You will collect "cores" which you can slot and re-slot at any Access point. For instance, I could socket Crash() into Ability 1, with Break() as its "upgrade" to have a medium-damaging medium-range attack that mini-stuns (opposed to the regular melee-ranged attack without the Break() upgrade). Or, (normally), you could leave Crash() as Primary Ability 1 (melee-range attack) and Break() as Primary Ability 2 (Long-Ranged attack). Or, you could put one into your passive once you get more cores. There are also "Limiters" which increase the power of the enemies you face (similar to Idols in Bastion), but reward you with more EXP. Indeed, the customization is insane in this game--I can foresee myself spending quite a bit of time customizing once I obtain more cores. Play how you want to play--fighter, stealth, assassin, long-range--just customize your cores to fit your playstyle! Extremely well done, albeit a little confusing at first to figure out the customizations. Only qualm might be (if any)...there are TOO MANY choices!
EDIT 4: Finished the game, Steam says it took me ~5 hours overall, but this doesn't include the second playthrough (Recursion Mode) which I think I will be playing soon. Overall, I think this game is a worthy successor to Bastion. However, I still prefer Bastion. Why? Bastion was a bit more clear-cut and easier to process. The Calamity happened, fix it. In this game, it took until halfway through the game for me to actually realize most of the protagonist/antagonist/story arc. There were also quite a few "did not expect that" moments, which can be both seen as positive and negative overall. I personally was confused at the ending--in a way, for me, not much closure, but I accepted it. I could see it going over poorly with lots of people however. This game feels a lot darker than Bastion for sure, and I really thought that the narration in some parts was quite hefty and really tugged at my conscience. It definitely leaves you with a lot to think about and has more going on beneath the surface--you will want to play this game with a very open and sharp mind. Great to discuss as well.
Also, remember to check out all the OVC Terminals--you definitely don't want to skip those as a fair portion of the story and development relies on you reading and filling in the blanks from the information given at them (Thanks to Dragonfire973 for reminding me!). Also, when you have time, make sure you socket all the functions into every slot (Primary/Secondary/Passive) and read up on all the information unlocked.
Pros:
Amazing Artwork, Beautiful Soundtrack, Superb Narration. I expected nothing less.
Lots of customization for how you want to play the game.
Story-arc similar to Bastion, so this story will feel somewhat similar.
Cons:
Somewhat repetitive battles, but interesting nonetheless.
Often confused as to what really was going on story-wise (not much explanation of what was going on), but this could be intended.
Not much closure for the ending, but definitely lots to think about. Really made me think about the whole story after the credits had rolled.
Score: 9/10
A very nice game overall. The aesthetics of the game are unmatched. However, some people might feel like the game is a bit confusing to wrap your head around. I preferred Bastion's ending to Transistor's, because Bastion was more clear and provided some closure. Transistor left me wondering what really happened and left me with too many unanswered questions. However, it did leave me with a lot to think about, and I want to go through the game again to see if I pick up anything I missed the first time through.
If you have any doubts on buying this game, your doubts should be dispelled--this game is worthy of your $20; a beautiful second game released by Supergiant Games.
Posted: June 27, 2018
Gorgeous visuals. Sad story told in an unintrusive way. Voice acting that will make you choke back tears. A beautiful setting that mixes traditoinal cyberpunk with art nouveau. Curious desing ideas, like making characters into items and forcing you to use them in different combinations if you want to unlock backstories, which leads to a lot of combat experiments.
...And then there's Transistor's gameplay—that I can't for the love of me enjoy.
The fights, which the majority of the game consists of, unfold in either real time or turn-based mode, and neither is enjoyable. The real-time action is too hectic and not slick enough to be good on its own; and the turn-based mode, while way more interesting, just serves to highlight that many enemies in Transistor are little more than glorified bullet sponges, especially later in the game.
The fights aren't easy—actually, by the end of the game they become quite challenging. But I rarely found the challenge fun. It was mostly about running around in circles and then abusing an ability or two.
Is the game worth playing despite that? Absolutely, especially if you value aesthetics and mood in games highly.
Then again, if you do, you have likely already played Transistor, haven't you?
Posted: May 27, 2014
Transistor is a brilliant 2D sci-fi action-indie RPG, brought to us by Supergiant games – as most of us know, are the creators of Bastion. While Transistor doesn’t exactly play like Bastion, I’ve still enjoyed my time with it. The hand-drawn visuals are fantastic and oozes style. Darren Korb composed the soundtrack and it's a delightful treat for the ears.
The gameplay is fun & unique. The player takes control of Red (the main female protagonist), who has the ability to freeze time and plan out attacks – which is called a "Turn()". A well-played "Turn()" can be rewarding and its especially satisfying watching your attacks play out In motion.
I know we’re all going to make this comparison, but Transistor plays more like an RPG than Bastion. You level up, gain new skills and can customize them to your liking. Fans of Bastion and newcomers who are unfamiliar with Supergiant games will without a doubt have a blast playing Transistor. I highly recommend this game!
Posted: December 6, 2017
Game Name: Transistor
Developer: Supergiant Games
Release Date: 20 May, 2014
Genre Tags: RPG; Action; Atmospheric; Cyberpunk; Isometric
Estimated Playtime (Main Story): 6-10 hours
Full Controller Support: Yes
Multiplayer Aspect: None
Achievements: Yes
Category	Score	Comment
Artstyle	9.0	The art style is surreal and brimming with color and personality. One of the best looking indie games around.
Gameplay	8.5	Tight and responsive controls.
Transistor (the sword) can freeze time and initiate a planning mode called Turn() for queuing abilities called functions—digital souls absorbed by the Transistor.
You have four active abilities - or to use Transistor's terminology,functions - you can use against your enemies at any one time, which you can switch out between fights at access points that are scattered around the maps.
Functions can also be placed into upgrade sub-slots to strengthen specific active functions or they can be placed into passive slots, where they will confer traits like boosted health.
Defeat in combat won't initially lead to your death. Instead, it will remove the function you've been relying on the most and keep it out of rotation for a while. It's a simple but startling penalty, forcing you away from a favoured load-out and back to experimentation.
Music	10.0	The music itself is outstanding and remains in my head well after I've put the controller down... along with Logan Cunningham's excellent voice acting (Transistor’s voice and soul) is what makes Transistor the game it is.
Story	8.5	A gripping storyline, which rather than giving you everything from the start, you get thrown into an unknown world with little known about the end of the game and the path that leads to it.
Spoiler alert:
Length	5.0	The game is short, it takes around 7 hours to complete the Main story with most of the challenges completed and every character profile unlocked. Upon completition, you will get access to New Game+ mode so you could do a second playthrough and find/unlock whatever you missed on your first playthrough. It takes around 14 hours to complete the game 100%.
Summary:
Transistor, is the perfect sci-fi action RPG that excels in drawing you into its mysterious world. It will enthrall you with its blend of real-team strategic combat and fascinating story. Much like Supergiant’s Games previous game, Bastion, Transistor offers a gorgeous isometric artstyle that looks both like a classic game but also really futuristic at the same time. As beautiful and evocative as the visuals in Transistor are, it's the game's use of music and voice acting that set it apart aesthetically.
Overall score: 8.2/10
Posted: June 21, 2017
+ Wonderful story
+ Deep gamplay mechanics
+ Great soundtrack
+ Amazing graphics
Loved the whole game throughout my playthrough
9.5/10
Posted: January 13, 2015
I would pay to see a live performance by Red.
Posted: September 28, 2015
Transistor is a sci-fi themed RPG action game, developed and published by SuperGiant games (the same guys who brought us Bastion), releasing on PC in mid 2014, and then later in that year on PS4, and then got a further port to IOS in June of 2015.
Game play in Transistor takes a lot of elements from Bastion. The camera angle is in an isometric point of view as you control the main character, Red. You traverse a series of locations fighting enemies, known as the "Process". A nice feature which has been added which is where Transistor differs from Bastion, is that you can either fight in real time, or in a planning phase. The real time plays very similar to how any isometric action game would play out, however the planning phase really adds an element of strategy to this title; you have a limited number of commands you can carry out before needing to recharge, these commands include moving around the scene and casting your various spells and abilities.
As you progress through the story, you will come across other characters who have fallen victim to the Process, and you will take over their souls and learn new abilities and powers. You can either use these new abilities as straight up spells/attacks to use, or you can also enhance your current spells/attacks with the new abilities, granting unique effects, such as adding an area of effect technique on an ability. You can also have up to 2 of these abilities being used as a passive effect on Red, so are in effect all the time.
Transistor is a stunningly gorgeous game. The art style on show here are some of the most perfect graphics I have seen. This game should be one of the front runners for people trying to get the media to understand that video games should be classed as a form of art.
The story in this game almost had me tearing up at the end, it is one of the most heart wrenching endings to a game I have ever played. Along the way you come across a series of plot twists, and at one point you even think the story is ending only for it to take a dramatic turn and continue. Words cannot fathom how gut wrenching I felt at the end, I encourage anyone who has already got Transistor, to play it and finish it just to experience the final scenes.
Much like Bastion, the audio is one of, if not the best feature of this game. The narration whilst not as good as Bastion's (because that was pretty much perfect), it still sets the mood of the game, and carries the plot through to conclusion extremely well. There isn't much voice acting in the game, actually Red doesn't speak at all, until the end of the game. The sound track to Transistor has been released individually, has sold phenomenally well. Some of the songs actually remind me a lot of a sort of James Bond movie soundtrack.
I have to admit, the lack of a tutorial in Transistor does knock it back a little bit, but once you actually are able to work out what all of the interface means, and how to properly carry out the fight scenes, the gameplay becomes second nature and you are able to blast through hoards of enemies without batting an eye lid. The end boss is something of a sufficient challenge as well, resulting in me having to replay it at least four times before I was able to succeed in beating it. Another nice feature to be seen is, that you can actually implement your own difficulty barriers in game, such as allowing enemies to do more damage to you, BUT you get some sort of reward in return, such as more experience. You are able to chop and change these "barriers" as and when you please in the same way you can with your spells abilities.
Transistors levels are all extremely well fleshed out, allowing you every opportunity to venture off the main track and down alleyways and into buildings with no real specific plot line to it, letting you explore the gorgeous world this game is set in. You are also able to use terminal computers scattered around the world, allowing you to dig deeper into the lore, and some times interacting with them to complete surveys and sign petitions should you desire to.
A full playthrough of Transistor will take you just under eight hours. This is one of the few games that I can say I have finished more than once, just because of how good it is. There isn't any side missions in the game, but they aren't needed, just because you will be so immersed in the main story that you wouldn't want to do them anyway. Even though the ending of the game is the same regardless of the route you take to get there, the gameplay is such a high quality, that the replay ability is still there, because you will just want to experience the sheer fun you have whilst playing.
Sadly I did have a couple of issues getting Transistor to run properly; firstly the game does not support anything higher than 1080 resolutions, whilst this isn't a massive issue given that 1080 is still the standard, it would of still been nice to see it in there. Secondly, I had to delve into the registry of my PC to fix and issue with the game also not loading into full screen mode correctly - if you run into this issue, the fix can be found in this thread on the Steam forums.
http://steamcommunity.com/app/237930/discussions/1/540743128801543513/
Transistor is another absolutely stellar game by SuperGiant Games that everyone needs to play; some of the game's original ideas, the graphics and soundtrack are some of the best I have ever played in my fifteen years of gaming. Lord knows what else these guys have in the pipeline, it can only be amazing given their track record. For the low price of £14,99, you need to pick this game up. It has been known to go as low as £3 on Steam, which is I would almost class as day light robbery if you can get it for that price. Do not hesitate to pick this game up for the full price.
Tom's Score Card
1) Stay away
2) Only recommended when on sale
3) Recommended
4) Highly recommended
5) This is a must play
If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over at http://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/

Posted: January 3, 2015
I am a huge fan of Supergiant Games' previous game, Bastion. Topping that game was a tall order, but I think they've managed to equal, if not better it, with Transistor... though I guess that depends on your personal tastes. First of all, if you have not yet played Bastion, I implore you to do so. If you have played it, and liked it, then I can definitely recommend checking out Transistor. Both games share some common fundamental elements: isometric action gameplay, a set of diverse weapons, amazing music and visuals, and stories moved forward by in-game voiceover. In the case of Bastion, the voiceover was provided by a narrator. In Transistor, the voice is that of the soul of a "dead" man within the main character's weapon (the Transistor). The other main difference is in the way combat is handled. While combat in Bastion plays out in real time, in Transistor you can pause the action at will (on a cooldown) and plan out a set of actions (or "functions" as they are called in game) that will play out in rapid sequence. So essentially, Transistor is more of a strategy game.
The game takes place in a city called Cloudbank. You play as Red, a singer that's lost her voice after an attack by an organization called the Camerata. Red wields the Transistor, an object that can absorb the essence of people, who in turn, become "functions" that can be assigned to your combat loadout. The gameplay loop consists of clearing out groups of enemies, collecting new functions for the transistor, and then combining those functions in all sorts of different ways. There are 16 functions, each of which can be used in one of 3 ways: as a primary action, as an upgrade effect for a primary action, or as a passive effect for your overall loadout. With 4 passive slots, 4 action slots, and 8 upgrade slots available to assign your functions, you can imagine how many different possible combinations there are to experiment with. And man, is it ever fun. There's plenty of room for experimentation to find what works best for your play-style. It's a brilliant combat system. The only negative I would say about it is that it's a bit confusing to figure out at first, as the game offers little in the way of explanation. It doesn't take all that long to get your head wrapped around how things work, but the early going might be a bit confusing.
Visually, the game is just absolutely stunning. The environments are so gorgeous that I would eat them up if I could. The story is somewhat inscrutable (which I've heard brought up by people as a negative on the game), but there is plenty of information available within the game to flesh things out if you put in the attention and effort required. But ultimately, I never felt any of that really mattered too much. At its heart, the main plot is simply a love story, and that's all that really matters in the end. The other highlight of the game for me was the music. As with Bastion, music has a huge impact on the game experience. The music is consistently outstanding throughout, perfectly setting the mood for each area you traverse. There are also a few vocal tracks spread throughout, which are particularly good, especially the ending song, which was the high point of the game for me.
I guess my only disappointment with the game is that there just isn't more of it. The story can be completed in around 6-8 hours I would estimate. After that, the game allows you to "recurse" through the story again indefinitely, while keeping all of the upgrades you've acquired, and making the enemy encounters harder each time. This is nice, and worth playing through at least once, but really, there's only so much you can go through the same few areas and watch the same cutscenes, etc, no matter how much you enjoy the gameplay and visuals. But what is there is excellent and worth the asking price. So in summary, if you liked Bastion and the turn-planning combat of Transistor sounds interesting to you, definitely give this a look. Or just give it a look anyways. Games like this just don't come around every day, and need to be experienced. I can't wait to see what Supergiant does next...
Posted: November 10, 2015
If I had only the graphic effects of Transistor, it would have been enough.
If I had only the combating system, it would have been enough.
If I had only the extrodinary music by Darren Kurb & Ashley, it would have been enough.
If I had only Red, it would have been enough.
But, I have that narrator.
"It's true. You know? It's true"
"I love you."
Posted: July 2, 2023
This is supergiant’s second game and the art style is kind of similar to its first game, bastion. The combination of turn based and action mechanics in the game is very unique. Different skill combination effects are fun to explore.
Achievements are not difficult. All achievements can be obtained in two runs. First run without any optional quests takes about 5 hours.
Overall a recommended game for any player wish to try something new.
Posted: June 19, 2016
I literally cried when I beat this game.
What can I say about this game that every other review hasn't already?
The combat system is amazing and the storyline is as beautiful as the art style.
I seriously recommend this game to anyone who likes games.
Posted: October 21, 2022
Take down the metaverse with your vpn sword and discord boyfriend.
Posted: January 2
Don't let the title fool you, this game is not about semiconductors.
greatgame/10
Posted: September 20, 2017
One masterpiece of a game. Has only one downside - it's short. You just aren't ready to part with it.
Posted: November 1, 2014
This game is short.
Real short. I finish this game in about 5 hours
But those 5 hours really worth the damn money!
The Music or Soundtrack or whatever is just Amazing!!
The Graphic in this game is kinda artistic. looks different and original
Combat system is superb. you can plan your attack rather than charging ahead!!!
The story is so f*cking good i had a great time with this game storyline and it's really something.
Word of warning though this game made me had a Great F**king existential crisis
Posted: October 11, 2014
Transistor made me cry.
Not okay.
At all.
The game may start slow, but as soon as you hit the first boss... boom- I couldn't stop. This game was so beautiful and entrancing that I played through twice, with 9 limiters my second run: it's the first steam game I've gotten every achievement for. The story is tragic and twists to dark areas I didn't know that the game could even consider twisting. The bosses are all interesting and fun to fight, though the first two become rather simple once you get their strategy down.
Buy the game, play it, listen to the soundtrack, find all the news broadcast stations, and experience some major feels.
9.5/10
Posted: January 26, 2017
Just because people have better things to do, let me be specific:
1. Great story
2. Great characters
3. Highly customizable, strategic gameplay
4. Impressive art design
5. 4 hours to beat, 9 hours to 100%
8/10
Posted: July 4, 2019
Transistor is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played, not only in terms of the art but also the story, combat, music, voice acting ... everything. I literally don't have the words to describe how beautiful, unique, and haunting this game is. All I can say is that I highly recommend it, and that you will not regret buying it. You might also cry a little bit.
Posted: July 11, 2014
For all their hundred-million dollar budgets and hundreds strong development teams, it feels as if indie games have all but entirely eclipsed those of AAA developers. Transistor stands at the precipice of this phenomenon, an unprecedented achievement in artistic vision and game design that I hesitate to review for fear of not doing it justice. Supergiant Games, creators of the outstanding Bastion, have not been resting on their laurels, returning after three years with an experience that has completely toppled any expectations I previously had for it, leaving me stunned and in awe at the scope of their vision and the skill in which they execute it. Transistor is, simply put, a masterpiece.
Transistor isn’t the story of a falling city; of the rebel group, Camerata, letting loose a viscous process to annihilate the city of Cloudbank to be rebuilt to their designs. It’s not the story of the many characters filling its voluminous backstory, fleshing out a fascinating futuristic dreamscape that is so similar yet different to our own world. No, it is the story of two people, or more accurately the relationship between a girl and her sword. The dynamic between Red, a singer who has had her voice stolen, and the Transistor, a talking sword now housing the soul of a deadman, is what drives the narrative. Despite Red’s inability to talk, the Transistor’s dialog creates a tangible connection between the two; an emotional tie that makes the continued suffering of Red, and the guilt expressed by the Transistor (who somehow feels responsible for what happened to Red), incredibly real and heartbreaking.
It would be too easy to write Transistor off as using its many narrative tricks to hide the fact that its plot is fairly straightforward, because it’s not about what happens throughout the story, but the relationship between its two leads that makes it so compelling. All too often games will try to force characters to depend on each other, whether through arbitrary mechanics or cliched victim roles, but Transistor sidesteps this issue by having the two characters literally rely on each other to survive. They need each other, and its for this that the narrative manages to create such an effective emotional connection with these characters; similarly causing you to despise those that have put them through so much distress. As simple as it may sound, the nuance of every line and its delivery is no small feat, and a true testament to the writers and voice actors behind them.
I could go on at end for how emotionally invested I became in the characters of Transistor, but it’s the finesse of its gameplay that truly astounded me. Aside from some mild exploration, the experience is entirely focused around its incredibly deep and rewarding combat system, which seems outwardly inaccessible but is shockingly intuitive once you get your hands on it.
Combat can be broken down most easily into two phases: real time and the planning stage. During the former, you can use any of your abilities at will, but enemies in turn can also move and attack, which becomes an issue with the long build up required for most attacks. This is when you transition to the second phase, which then turns the game into a sort of strategy RPG, freezing time and allowing you to plan out your moves (which will then be executed near instantly when you leave the phase) with the only restraint being the action bar which is used up with each move you make. It's not an entirely unique formula, but Supergiant Games has carved out an incredibly fine tuned and complex niche for itself, with the sheer number of different ways you can approach an encounter.
Every action you make is the result of a function you have slotted in, which in turn can then have additional functions slotted on top of themselves, as well as passive functions which give you boosts outside of individual moves. However, none of these are separated into classes or otherwise excluded from being assigned a specific role with the rest of your abilities. This creates an incredible amount of options for you to experiment with, with each function you unlock having three unique abilities onto itself (if not more when combined with other functions), and new functions being added regularly as you progress and level up.
Supergiant has also found a brilliant incentive to getting players to try out new combinations they might otherwise never use, by tying every bit of backstory to a specific function, which then needs to be used in all three slots (technique, enhancement, and passive) in order to unlock all of a character's biography. It’s a fantastic way to almost entirely fix a common problem of getting stuck in a routine of the using the same abilities the entire game, and had me constantly swapping different functions in which kept the combat fresh the entire game (even after having beaten it I haven’t used every combination there is, creating a ton of replay value on top of the already included new game plus mode).
Bastion was an undeniable artistic treat, but in comparison to Transistor it might as well be a rough prototype of a game. The art design of every single frame is unbelievably gorgeous, from amazing architecture and environmental designs, to characters and even the subtle yet beautiful sparks that spring forth from Red dragging the Transistor around. The dark color palette matches the somber mood of the narrative, but it does so without bringing you down with it, leaving enough brightness and pure beauty despite the events happening around you to make you feel like you’re on a vacation to a fantastical city in the sky. Darren Korb once again returns to deliver a soundtrack that surpasses what I even thought he was capable, with a layered and elaborate score that still feels as raw and personal as he's known for.
Transistor left me floored. What Supergiant Games has accomplished is hard to properly put into words, as even with all I’ve said I can’t help but think I’ve barely scratched the surface of the praise I wish to heap upon the game. It’s vision is remarkable, stunningly consistent and inspired in every aspect, achieving a level of excellence that exceeded my already high expectations. It’s undoubtedly one of the best games I’ve played this, or possibly any year, and is an experience that cannot be overstated or should in any way be passed up.
Brilliant; utterly and unbelievably brilliant!
You can read more of my writing on Kritiqal[kritiqal.com].
Posted: July 23, 2018
Product received for free
---{Gameplay}---
☐ Try not to get addicted
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Just dont
---{Graphics}---
☑ Masterpiece
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful
☐ Paint.exe
---{Audio}---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape
---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Everyone
---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{Story}---
☐ Doesnt have (Not counting historical stuff)
☐ Something isnt nothing I guess
☐ Not great
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ Will make you cry or smile alot
---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press a bunch of buttons
☐ Easy
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing
☑ Only if you care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ A bit grindy sometimes
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ Insanity
---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ Depends on you
☐ Endless
---{Price}---
☐ Just buy it
☑ Worth the price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if you have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ Dont throw money into a rubbish bin
---{Bugs}---
☑ Never had any
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Few bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
Posted: December 12, 2022
Long time ago, I pirated (kid with no money at the time) this game and finished it.
I loved it so much, and I felt so bad and so I'm debt for pirating it that I bought it twice on steam, one for myself one as a gift, once on Switch, bought Bastion, Pyre when it released (even tho I haven't played it), and of course Hades, and I still feel in debt with the developers.
Supergiant games deserves all love and support, and I'm so happy Hades has finally brought them what they deserve.
Posted: January 4, 2021
---{Gameplay}---
☐ Try not to get addicted
☑️ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Just dont
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget reality
☑️ Masterpiece
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful
☐ Paint.exe
---{Audio}---
☑️ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape
---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑️ Teens
☑️ Adults
☐ Everyone
---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑️ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press a bunch of buttons
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑️ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea
☐ Short
☑️ Average
☐ Long
☐ Depends on you
☐ Endless
---{Price}---
☐ Just buy it
☑️ Worth the price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if you have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ Dont throw money into a rubbish bin
---{Bugs}---
☑️ Never had any
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Few bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
Posted: November 21, 2016
[TL;DR at the bottom]
The same quality shown in Bastion returned with an outstanding game called Transistor
Absolutely breathtaking artistry, soulful narration, phenomenal combat system, a brilliantly creative world and a unique story that unravels itself over time. - Just fantastic. And that's not even to mention the musical score that may be one of the best that's ever happened.
You will be confused. You will be confused as to what's happening...where you are...who you are...what you are. You will be confused by the mechanics of the combat abilities, and as far as I'm concerned, that's perfect. The story and mechanics become more apparent as you play further into the game. Your understanding and revelation become an experience. Wanting to understand more drives you to keep the experience going.
This game isn't just beautiful. It is curious...it inspires curiosity. Once you understand the weapons system it goes from confusing to interesting to absolutely brilliant.
The only flaw in this game is that there isn't more of it.
An absolutely tremendous accomplishment for a team of only 10 people. Simply wonderful.
Graphics = 10/10
Story = 8/10
Characters = 10/10
Game play = 10/10 loads of different style of play
Music = 10/10 Best Soundtrack ever in any game
Posted: June 27, 2017
I could say 1000 good things about this game, but I´m not goo at reviewing things in one orderly string of thoughts. So how about I give you a checklist of the things you are guaranteed to find in Transistor?
-A Rich Story
-Replay Value
-Amazing Visuals
-Amazing Sountrack
-Interesting Characters
-Super interesting world
-Little Tidbits of detailed humor
-Unique, highly customizable combat system
And it´s also a pretty short game, that will make you think about it for hours after. One of those that sticks with you and pops into your head at random moments, and makes a metaphorical tear roll down your cheek.

Posted: December 10, 2020
Transistor is one of these games where you fall in love with it at the end of the game. I didn't really like the game at the start especially the strange combat but in the end, I have learned that words can't describe the emotions this game unleashes.
I also got to know Darren Knob through the game and now I'm a fan of his great songs.
Posted: January 2, 2017
Tron meets Kill Bill
What do I have to say about Transistor? First of all, wow. I wasn't sure it was possible for Supergiant to top Bastion, but as it turns out, they could. What does Transistor actully have to offer? First of all, one of the most unique and challenging gaming experiences I have ever had. The combat system revolves around what the game calls a Turn() sequence--and yes, the partentheses are part of the word. Turn() allows you to freeze time and plan out your every move, but your enemies, a horde of machine-like entities known collectively as the Process, have ways of confounding you. A great deal of critical thinking goes into making your Turn() as effective as possible, especially considering that you get a fixed number of moves depending on the Functions (think spells, but with a cyberpunk twist) you employ.
Next are the sensory experiences. Darren, Ashley, and Logan outdid themselves yet again. Transistor has a larger--and just as well-performed--voice cast than Bastion, the sound design is flawless, and if you loved the Bastion OST, you'll love the music in Transistor as well. The voice actors especially have my approval, particularly Logan Cunningham, the voice of the Transistor, who you may or may not know as Rucks (Bastion), Horatio Nullbuilt (Primordia) and the Archjustice (Pyre, the next Supergiant game). What about visuals? I've heard of eye candy, but Transistor is eye crack. Supergiant continues to appeal to my surreal sensibilities. Every environment is unique and beautiful, make sure to have a look around before moving on from each area.
Finally, there is the story. Don't go in expecting a repeat of Bastion. Where Bastion was about repentance, redemption, and rebuilding, Transistor is more about loss, futility, and good intentions gone wrong. You play as Red, a former singer, who loses her voice as well as her lover after an attempt made on her life by the shadowy Camerata society. Lucky for Red, her unnamed lover sacrifced himself to save her life, but as a result his consciousness gets uploaded and trapped inside the Transistor. Wielding her sentient cybernetic greatsword, she sets out to track down the people who tried to kill her, and while she does that, she must find a way to stop the now-mindless Process from reducing the city of Cloudbank to its basest, most desolate form.
I really enjoyed playing Transistor. While at times it made me exceptionally frustrated , the story, visuals, and sheer challenge it offered kept me hooked for hours at a time. I look forward to the many times I will play back through it. Worth every penny I payed for it.
The only turn-off I see is that the story is very vague and complicated, even more so than Bastion . You may have to watch a couple of videos or read a guide before you get it. As soon as you do, though, I believe you will better appreciate it within the context of your knowledge. Personally, I love when a story (be it game, book, or movie) doesn't explain everything to you. When you think about it more, you get drawn into the world, and your intimacy with the story grows.
Like my review? Check out my Curator page!
Posted: July 4, 2016
Short version:
I had a lot of fun playing Transistor. It's one of those few games that manages to be respectable from both a technical and artistic perspective. While the presentation is nothing short of stunning, one of Transistor's greatest gameplay strengths is that it greatly encourages taking your time and setting up fights. Customization of (and interactions between) abilities and attacks is a key feature here.
Even outside of the combat system, each aspect of the game complements another to make for a complete, cohesive narritive that accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do. For example, experimenting with new moves or tactics might reward you with some interesting flavor text or background information on key characters. While not particularly new to the industry on their own, a lot of obvious features combine like puzzle pieces to make Transistor feel like a truely unique experince. My only significant complaint is a few jarring difficulty spikes and drops, but they didn't get in the way too much.
All in all, 5/5.
Less-short version:
Transistor is a story-driven isometric ARPG from the makers of Bastion, which it has a fair share in common with. In my opinion, It's definetly a solid title. First of all, It throws you right into the action when you start it up. There's no real opening cutscene or exposition to speak of, which I loved. Instead, you learn about the weird, artsy world of Transistor as you play. An important thing to note is that this game requires the player's attention to be really good. Everything in Transistor wants you to think. If you try to blow through it or brush it off, you probably won't end up enjoying it.
The combat system is the real selling point to me. It's fun and rewarding to fight, which is what an ARPG should be all about. It achieves this by including a freeze-time, turn based mechanic where you can take a breath and queue up attacks in the middle of a fight. Between that and the sheer variety of different moves, there's a lot of creative ways to kill something. The catch is that you can only equip four different functions (combat/movement abilities) at a time outside of a couple passive slots unlocked later. Because 'dying' disables one of the functions equiped, you have to prioritize certain functions over others. On top of all that, functions can be apllied to other functions to alter the way the original attack works. Add a dash move to your projectile to make it pierce enemies, add an explosive to your melee to make it AOE, etc. This rather complex system is not only great fun to mess around with, but works wonderfully in practice and makes Transistor a seemless ARPG/strategy game hybrid. There's a lot to mess around with and plenty of ways to get the job done if you're creative enough.
To underline the functions and insentivise you to use them more, much of the game's lore is only acessible by completing levels with certain attacks or passives. You need to use every function in every slot to reveal the full story. As good as this idea is, it didn't always work for me. Sometimes the little flavor text given isn't worth scrambling your carefully crafted setup or replaying a hard level. Still, it was a nice break from the "read a couple pages from a computer entry" style of storytelling that most games use. (Although there is some more traditional story telling in the game as well, it's much more confusing without any extra information and isn't forced on you at any point.) While some might mistake the story for one of those annoyingly cryptic and artsy indie plots, there is method to the madness here, it just takes some time to figure it all out. Transistor doesn't have a whole lot of voice acting, but what's there is certainly passable, if generic. Red might be another silent protagonist, but this time around there's a reason for it. The game actively acknowledges that you're a mute and uses that fact to its advantage instead of ignoring it for immersion reasons or because of tight voice-acting budgets.
The bigest problem I had with Transistor was the difficulty. While most of the levels were challenging but fair, the bosses were all over the place. Some were a cake walk, others were too frustrating. One boss in particular had me checking the Steam guides for optimal loadouts and strats. The out of place spikes in difficulty were jarring and almost removed me from the experience at some points. With all that said, I still give this issue a pass simply because I might not have been experimenting enough or was just using bad loadouts.
One thing I really loved were the challenges/minigames you can play in the hub...beach? They're all fun and engaging. Sometimes I felt like I played them more than the main game! Although that wouldn't really suprise me, considering Transistor is just a bit on the short side. Another thing I didn't like was one of the plot twists near the end of the second act of the story. I won't spoil it, but it was kind of a let down for me. You'll know it when you see it. The ending itself was fine, though just a little cliche.
The story may be a bit hard to follow, and the difficulty might be a little wonky, but you can't review Transistor without mentioning the art and music. This game is nothing short of gorgeous. So much effort was put into making everything, from the backgrounds to the enemies and even the UI, look good. The music is my favorite part though. Once again, you can feel how much heart and soul was put into the production value. I didn't think Darren Korb could top the Bastion OST, but he did. Oh, and Ashley Barrett nailed the atmosphere with her occasional vocals. If you want to hear it for yourself, the whole soundtrack is on Spotify and it's thoroughly awesome.
Overall, a great game that I loved start to finish. Not without a couple flaws of course, but it certainly sets a very strong example for the genre.
Posted: September 20, 2021
"Hey Red. We're not going to get away with this are we?"
Transistor is a science fiction action role-playing video game developed and published by Supergiant Games.
Story
Set in futuristic Cloudbank you play as Red, a famous singer. Due to a series of unfortunate events, she ends up being attacked by The Process, robotic force controlled by a organization called Camerata, and ends up losing her voice. During the escape she aquires Transistor, a powerful and mysterious greatsword-like weapon which she uses to fight back and retrieve what has been taken from her, while learning more about events that occured, and her new powerful ally.
Gameplay
Similar to first Supergiants Games game Bastion, Transistor is played from an isometric point of view and is a linear title, with main difference being lack of option to replay areas you have already completed. Travel through a series of locations while battling The Process and improving along the way.
Main part of the gameplay, combat, features Red and Transistor teaming up to take on their enemies using abilities called Functions. Those come in different shapes and sizes but being pain in the neck of the Process is their shared goal.
Majority of them is nothing unusual, with melee, ranged, or area of effect attacks being mixed with options such as setting up traps or turning enemies into allies.
Game contains both real-time combat where you can take Process head on, but after few areas you will realize it's not the best way to fight as you are outnumbered and overwhelmed, and a main focus of it, a turn based twist as Red can use Transistor to enter frozen planning mode called Turn(). In this mode time slows, Red hums, and your get to plan out your moves. Here you can create function combinations to deal massive damage or move away from danger and find a safe spot, depending on your current needs. Each action in Turn, from movement to function use costs action points, which will refill after you are done using said mode. While your points refill, you are defenseless so all you can do is find a cover and hope those few seconds can quickly pass. Game does contain an option of dodging, but it is a "Not that good and needs to be unlocked first" function.
If enemies hit you, you recive damage. Recive more than you can take and...continue to fight? When you lose a healthbar, instead of usual Game Over screen, game blocks you from using one of the functions you had in your loadout and restores your health. However if you will lose access to all functions you currently use, that will be the end, obviously.
After done fight you reap the rewards, here them being experience points. Gathering enough xp levels you up, allowing you to unlock a new function, additional slot in Transistor, or a limiter.
Limiters are similar to Idols from Bastion. They make your life tougher, but using them gives you XP bonus, allowing you to level up faster.
Worth mentioning that as you level up and progress in the game, Process also improves, whether by adding new types of enemies, or pulling out better versions of previous ones with new abilities.
Outside of combat you can find Access Points which serve as checkpoints and allow you to customize your loadout. Here you can go wild with all functions and slots you have unlocked, enable/disable limiters, or learn more about different characters from Cloudbank, if you will unlock such information.
While you can use functions however you desire - by putting them as primary abilities you will use in combat, secondaries that can improve functions in primary slots, allowing you to upgrade powerful functions even further, or as passive bonuses - limitation comes in form of MEM. Every function uses specific amount of Memory, and you have a limited amount of it available. So besides having to think about which function you want in different slots, you have to look at the MEM count. Amount of MEM you can use can be increased, as a reward for leveling up.
Besides access points, while exploring you can interract with few enviroment elements including terminals, stop by and listen to Red humming, or occasionally find doors to a peaceful location where you can train or challenge yourself in tests for xp and unlockable music tracks available to listen in-game!
Playtime, replayability and other modes
It took me 7 hours to beat Transistor, that is with spending time on function mixing and completing all tests possible during first playthrough, so you can drop that time to 6, even 5 hours if you will haste.
Good news lies in Recursion Mode, which is a New Game+ where you keep your progress, while game from the start features every enemy you encountered before, plus unlocks further tests that were unavailable previously, adding a necessary replayability aspect to the game.
Pros and cons
Strongest elements of Transistor are audiovisual design and combat.
Soundtrack composed by Darren Korb and featuring lovely voice of Ashley Barrett is not only outstanding, adding personality and life to the game, but lyrical songs add a piece of storytelling as those are "composed" by Red, expressing her thoughts and memories through it as she can't do it herself in the game.
One of my personal favourites when it comes to soundtracks in video games.
Charming soundtrack goes well with beautiful Cloudbank as walking through this futuristic city is a pleasure of it's own, and also is a factor in understanding the story and events that happen in the game.
And when you can't enjoy the city due to Process, you can appreciate beating them!
Sheer amount of different combinations you can make from fight to fight will allow everyone to find preferable playstyle, and thanks to good progression system it's never overwhelming you. Game constantly wants you to experiment with functions and rewards it with more lore about the game, never putting too much pressure on a player during combat yet not going easy on you, making fights a fair challenge, with limiters adding difficulty for those who want it, plus constant addition and improvement of encountered enemies constantly force you to adapt.
While far from being bad, storytelling is one of the more "mixed" points of Transistor, especially for those who might attempt to "rush" through the game. Tied to worldbuilding which some might miss out on, bittersweat ending that won't satisfy everyone and quite often game due to narrative leaves more questions than answers in specific topics. Personally I found it good enough, however I understand why some players will not enjoy it, as I found flaws in my second, slightly rushed playthrough.
Final words and conclusion
Due to me being late as always and playing 2014 game..a bit later, quality of Supergiant Games titles is already known at this point, especially after Hades, which I also had the pleasure of recently dipping into it for more than few hours that I cloaked at the release, resulting in Supergiant Games really going up on my virtual, would-make-it-if-not-lazy list of favourite developers, proving how quality beats quantity and I cannot wait to get my hands on Pyre.
Transistor proves that Bastion was no one-hit wonder. With wonderful audiovisual design, flexible combat and great progression system, this outstanding title can only be highly recommended!
Check out my curator page for more reviews!
Posted: March 8, 2019
Ever had one of those games you can't remember how or when you bought? Transistor is one of them. However, it was also one that I've always wanted to finish. So, after keeping this game on my Steam account for several years and playing on and off, I have finally managed to complete it. For those interested in playing this, just take note that my full playthrough took only 8 hours, so it's not a very long game.
Most of you probably have interest or bought this game for several reasons: you recognize the developer (which created Bastion, a game I have yet to touch as well), or the graphics, which is honestly incredible for a game of its type. This is one of the main selling points of Transistor for me: its presentation is amazing.
Presentation
The game uses this 2.5D perspective during roaming and battles, with the addition of crisp, clear effects for abilities; the protagonist (Red), her sword (Transistor) and the enemies (the Process) all seem to use 3D models that have been rendered into sprites, which fits the game's artstyle really well. Full-screen cutscenes are presented as oil painting styled shots-- for as little animation the cutscenes actually get, I can't help but let them play out and admire the beauty of each scene. Add in the game's soundtrack and the Transistor's soothing voice (he acts as the "narrator" of sorts), and you have a game with an extremely pleasing aesthetic. No joke, I spent most of my time just enjoying the game's presentation. Still one of the prettiest games in my book.
Gameplay: Skill System
The Transistor has four slots that can be filled up with one "Function" (ability) each. Each ability can be further enhanced by equipping it with up to two secondary Functions (which grants additional effects to the main Function). This gives you a lot of customization options for loadouts: for example, the Function "Load()" lets you create a stationary ball that explodes if you hit it again, but grants one other Function an area-of-effect if equipped as a secondary. It's a choice of "what main attacks do I want to enhance?" which is really refreshing since there are so many options to try out, and it can all be reset with no cost. You do only start off with two Functions at the beginning though (you have to level up to gain new Functions) and only one secondary slot for each, so it takes some time to unlock most of the skills. There is also a "Passive Slot" which acts as a passive buff, which also varies based on the Function used.
Gameplay: Battle System
I'm not sure if any other game has done this type of battle system before, please tell me if so. During battles you are locked into an arena and have to use your Functions to clear out all Processes (monsters) to win. You can proceed with the standard "move freely and attack" tactic, or completely pause time to plan out your moves with "Turn()", which uses up a "skill bar" as you move or use attacks (undoing moves are possible). Once you perform your planned moves, you cannot use any other moves until the bar recharges again, with the exception of Jaunt(), a quick dash that can allow a single move to be used during Turn() recharge (if used as a secondary Function). While using either tactic can work, I usually found myself using them in tandem, with Turn() being reserved for "panic" moments or unloading a barrage of attacks on enemies.
Once enemies are down, they drop as Cells, which will respawn enemies again if you don't collect them, so it's mostly killing the Processes, collecting cells, and proceeding. There's enough enemy variance to keep me interested during my playthrough, and if it is still too easy for you, leveling up allows you to unlock "Limiters", which gives you handicaps while marginally increasing EXP gain.
Transistor does use a health bar for each battle, which only resets after you clear an arena. However, depleting all of it doesn't result in a game over, but forcibly removes one Function slot from use until you find enough Terminals to refresh it. This is pretty bad at the start and also can ruin you if your style is dependent on one or two attacks. Once you lose all four Functions, it is game over for you and Red.
One final thing about the battle system is this pleasing audio effect whenever you use Turn(): the background music becomes muffled and Red begins humming along. It is a minor detail, but boy I really enjoy games playing with sounds like that.
Story
Without spoilers or detail, the game focuses on Red (the red-haired lady), a renowned and controversial singer who lost her voice due to a failed assassination with the Transistor sword. The game picks up right after said event, with the Transistor being retrieved from the body of a man who was impaled with the sword. His consciousness is imprinted into the sword, and he acts as the game's main vocal narrator as he and Red traverses the world and unravel the incidents behind these events. There are rarely any actual cutscenes as the Transistor will speak as Red moves along, hence making the story reliant on progressing.
Other times, Red will encounter OVC Terminals which detail news and events as the world crumbles; most of these allow you to make optional choices that causes the Transistor to give commentary, or make Red comment (via text) on news articles to show her views on the situation. Eventually the comments mechanic is used by the mute Red to communicate with the Transistor, which is honestly really sweet.
Finally, there is additional lore you can unlock by using Functions in different slots during battle or having Limiters in battle. Doing that unlocks additional info at Terminals, which provides background info for important characters in the game, which Red usually meets when they are deceased. Personally I did pursue these for a few hours, but eventually didn't keep going for it, since I was personally more invested in the story progression.
Overall, the story was good enough for me and has made an impression, though we'll get into the nitty gritty in my thoughts.
Thoughts?
(For the sake of the review, these are simply my own views)
Looking back, the game had its issues. Gameplay-wise, Transistor plays as a "navigate a linear path to battle a bunch of enemies in a fixed arena" sort of game. Admittedly it sort of gets... well, linear as you play, which was a reason why I dropped playthroughs many times. Unless you have a massive amount of Limiters active, you will not be able to unlock every Function possible, and the difficulty is rather low due to the amount of Terminals available to reset your lost Functions. While you can activate more Limiters, I don't think I'm interested in doing another playthrough soon.
The game's style of storytelling is extremely mixed, and it's understandable. Due to Red's silence and the game's lack of explanation for many happenings, there are many open ends in the lore, to the point that it's usually up to interpretation. The game moves along and any other actual character you run into is... well, dead. The main antagonistic force is even described as "not much is known about them", the main city is only marginally touched upon, and the Transistor's identity is kept mostly unknown.
Is this a bad thing though? Personally to me, no it isn't. I had full enjoyment watching the world unfold and enjoying the soundtrack, audio work and artstyle. The difficulty wasn't immense, but the presentation was, and I was eventually playing to see more of the world.
All in all, Transistor is one of those games that I recommend not diving into lore-wise, as it will end up making the experience less fulfilling. Instead, focus on the ambience and aesthetic, and allow the story to take a back seat. Buy it on sale if you really are unsure-- one day, like me, you may pick it up out of the blue to experience one of the prettiest, uniquely written games on the indie market.
Posted: May 11, 2016
Transistor is one of those rare, beautiful indie gem of an ARPG that every gamer should have played, even at least once. The game is developed by the people behind Bastion, but the 2 games have very few similarities, it's hard to compare them. Every aspect of Transistor is flawless, for now, no cons come to my mind. But I will try to review what I can.
Pros:
Stunning sci-fi cyberpunk art style and setting
Amazing voice acting
Wonderful, atmospheric soundtrack, one of the best I've heard in an indie game (purchasing the OST is very much worth it)
Interesting and creative character designs (I can't go into detail here, might spoil it)
All the things I have mentioned above go together so well to create the rich, detailed world of Cloudbank
Innovative combat: you can switch from hack-n'-slash mode to a strategic, turn-based one, and you should still plan your moves very well
Game has a way of letting you figure out the story and lore on your own: if you skip any OVCs, you'll barely have an idea of what's going on, and you'll lessen the great experience
(Trying to avoid spoilers as much as I can here) The story is memorable, and leaves you at some moments in suspense, and other moments just thinking about what just happened - it is unique and far from those 'good vs evil' cliché RPG plots
Lots of ways to customize your character build as well: you can combine up to 3 moves or 'Functions' and test how they work, you can add 'Limiters' that increase the challenge lvl but yield more rewards, etc
Game is also strategic in a way that you should plan your battles well
Cons:
Game is linear and does not have too much room for exploration
The story can be too short, and even vague for some people
Overall Rating:
9/10 - Transistor is more of an experience to me, than a game.
Posted: June 28, 2015
First of all: thank you SuperGiant Games, the game is another masterpiece.
You play as Red, a popular singer in the Couldbank city, but for some reason one group called Camerata are hunting some influential people, and they try to get you. After that, it is up to you to find out what is going on and why they are doing it.
The gameplay is great and it has a interesting and innovator turn-based combat system. In the combat you can try combine different weapons to test the best combination that works for you, but the game has a nice way to present some new combinations and help you to test every weapon available.
The art, game design and the music is awesome. It will mesmerize you in every single moment of the game. I don't have word to describe, it is just beautiful.
I'm in love with this game and I truly recommend it: great story, beautiful art design, incredible music and nice combat system.
Posted: July 8, 2015
+ Good gameplay.
+ Beautiful story.
+ Great soundtrack.
+ Pretty graphic.
Like everyone else, I cried at the ending...
9.5/10
Posted: June 25, 2017
Supergiant Games delivering again, solid Single-Player with some unique features! Has some amazing story, amazing sound track! Must play to all video-game fans.
~ 9/10
Posted: July 15, 2016
I didn't get the hype.
I played the game.
I got the hype.
Simple.
Posted: December 13, 2023
If Bastion was the wise elder child of The Supergiant family, then Hades is the prodigal son and Transistor the eccentric one in the middle (Pyre is the furtive pygmy, so easily forgotten). Despite Frankie Muniz single-handedly painting middle children as dysfunctional egotists, Transistor is far more methodical and restrained in design than its siblings. In retrospect, this was quite a risk for Supergiant to undertake, since Bastion was their only successful release at the time.
Taking the isometric perspective from Bastion, Transistor plays similarly at first until players are introduced to Turn(), a core combat mechanic that allows players to play in a limited turn-based fashion. In addition to being a cool diegetic accessibility feature that adds depth, Turn() explores a different venue of skill expression than the twitch-reflex abilities of real-time combat. Fortunately, for those Turned() off by this, one can simply button mash.
Transistor's story explores a sci-fi narrative combining elements of revenge and mystery. It's not as strong with its themes as Bastion was with its post-apocalyptic optimism but players will find much to love with Logan Cunningham's stellar vocal performance and Darren Korb's soundtrack featuring high-energy electronic tracks to sultry lounge tunes. At its current asking price, you'd be a fool not to partake.
Posted: October 30, 2014
There is a legitimate argument to be made that Transistor is too short for its price. I beat it in about 11 hours, although I'm only about halfway through with Achieves. I think this is a bit of a silly metric, though. The more key question to me is "was it a good experience?" I would say "absolutely".
Transistor is a deeply beautiful and atmospheric game, with a bittersweet story told through powerful narration and themes. It also effectively uses game mechanics to pull you 'into' the story and world. It has a 'hum' button. There are several scenes where the controls and gameplay shift to make the player 'feel' the scenes. It is one of the best examples I've played of a game avoiding ludnarrative dissonance and in fact using gameplay as a narrative aid.
Transistor left me with that same feeling of satisfaction I get after finishing a good book. I like that feeling. I liked Transistor. Definitely recommended.
Posted: January 27, 2015
Played it. Cried. Played it again. Cried again.
Story: You're Red, a woman who lost her voice. She gets a powerfull weapon after nearly being killed by it. You'll fight to found out who were these people trying to kill you and what this weapon is for.
I'd like to tell more but I'm afraid to spoil so I won't :<
Music: The ost is just beautiful. Like I can't even describe it. It adds so much.. to the game. There's about 4 songs with Red's voice and I literally love all of them.
Graphics: You can judge them by the trailer I suppose, It's very colourful, detailled, pretty, awesome etc. Hnnnghhhhnnh.
Gameplay: You basically enter a fight, have the time to think about what skills you're going to use and how, you need some strategy. You have 16 different skills, you can use them on an active/passive or upgrade slot which means you can do a lot of fun and interesting combos, and have your own playstyle!
Overall: I just got a crush on this game and... DAMN THAT ENDING SCENE I really didn't expect it, so much feels fiuezgfugzfuiezuifgzugfzigfiz.
Just. Play it.
<3
Posted: June 26, 2016
This is not a game, this is art.

Posted: May 31, 2020
There are many games you'll complete and forget. Transistor you will remember fondly.
Posted: May 21, 2016
PROS	CONS
+ Stunning visuals and art style
+ Very atmospheric
+ Interesting story
+ Great music
+ Well-crafted combat system	- Short
- Linear
- Environment isn't very interactive
- Combat gets repetitive after a while
Posted: December 20, 2015
Transistor is just a beautiful game. Great story-telling with fantastic voice-acting, and really fun gameplay with a very unique combat system. It was a great experience and I might even do a second playthrough. Highly recommend this one! :)
Posted: July 28, 2015
I still can't believe how amazing this game is, It's a masterpiece.
Posted: April 2, 2019
Very good game, would wipe my memory and play again.
Posted: August 5, 2014
A heart-wrenching tragedy wrought with loss and sorrow, a bittersweet love story the likes of which are never seen in video games, an unbelievable experience that's as breathtaking as it is unforgettable——these are just a few of the things that Transistor has been for me. And don't think that I lavish the game with verbose and flattering descriptions idly either, this game swept me from my feet the moment I loaded it up and delved into the imaginative world it offered. Rarely have I been so immersed in a game and never before, not even in Supergiant Games' previous game Bastion, have I felt so emotionally involved in a game's story——it was refreshing to experience a game where I felt a surge of raw emotions... from frustration, to despair, to grief. And to add icing to the cake, this game's audio and visual presentation blows every other indie game out of the water... each time I step away from the game and come back to it, I'm still shocked to realize just how beautiful a game it truly is.
Red, the character whose role you assume, finds herself in a strange and unsettling predicament after being attacked by a mysterious organization known as the Camerata. With the help of her companion, the Transistor (a.k.a. Breach()), she must seek answers from this mysterious group and fight the newly arrived threat of the Process. The Process comes in many forms, and Red with the Transistor in hand, must face off against them. The combat in this game is a hybrid between fast paced action and tactics. Red can be equipped with up to four active Functions and four passive Functions (essentially abilities). Each Function can also act as an upgrade for Function already equipped as an active ability. This allows for quite a lot of customization. Furthermore, there are Limiters, which act as a way of increasing the challenge within the game. Enable a handful of limiters and you'll easily find yourself tuning and customizing your Functions to overcome some of the harder encounters and challenges. There is definitely challenge to be had in this game if you seek it, and exploring all the customization options is one of the highlights of the game's combat system——some of the Function combos are ingenious and finding such a badass combo is always a joy.
And while the game's combat system is superb, I'd probably rate it as the weakest feature simply because every other aspect of the game is so near perfection. The audio and visuals of the game are no exception. Anyone who has played Bastion should know from experience alone to expect something amazing when it comes to how a Supergiant Games' game should look and sound, and despite such high expectations they wouldn't be disappointed with Transistor. The game is just mesmerizingly stunning, to the point that it's hard to describe in words just how remarkable it is. It has to be played to be appreciated at the level it deserves. From gorgeous hand drawn scenery, to the hauntingly beautiful lighting, to art filled cutscenes... this game is beautiful. Audio is no exception either with solid voice acting (the voice of Rucks from Bastion voices the Transistor), perhaps the best original soundtrack in the entire industry which I could write an entire second review on alone, and don't forget Red's incredible humming prowess.
Although the game presents perhaps the most extraordinary sensory experience in the indie scene, to me the true selling point of this game is the story and the way it is presented. There is a lot going on in this game and it's worth getting involved in. Read what's happening at the terminals, read the bios, listen to the audio logs——it pays off. But most importantly, listen to what Transistor says. Stop and listen. Pay attention. And when Red responds to Transistor via typing, just don't quickly read what she says but feel what she says. Following the connection between the two is what sucked me into the story and got me involved with it in a much more personal way. There is a lot of character depth for both Red and Transistor, and an equal depth in regards to the relationship between the two. Putting myself in the shoes (or heels, I suppose) of Red was a surreal experience, and feeling the pain, frustration, longing, and love through her perspective is what made this game something special.
The developers put love and care into making this game. The story is strong, no doubt. But I think what makes it stand out is that the developers built this game bottoms up starting with the story. Scene by scene crafting the perfect medium to tell this story, at every point making critical decisions about what music to be playing, what visuals to show, what Transistor's monologue should be; at every cutscene and at every interlude, deciding how best to portray the story through artwork and song. And by my reckoning it worked, they took a story and found the best way——the perfect medium——to tell it, and the product is Transistor. I've seen people refer to video games as a form of art before, but Transistor joins a miniscule list of games that I have played and feel as if I can share such a sentiment having played it.
Posted: June 21, 2018
---{Graphics}---
☐ Masterpiece
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful
☐ Paint.exe
---{Gameplay}---
☐ Try not to get addicted
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Just don’t
---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ @̷̸̡̨̳̹͖̟͕̬̻̮̪̩̟͡&́͡҉̭̬͍̭̰͈̣̲͓̮̥̫̻̱̗͎̗̱̜͞$̘̣̱̗̲͍̳͓̭͎͉̖̫͇͕̀͘ͅ*̶̸̙̞͕̳̫̹̟͖̩̕ͅ@̛̤͚̥͕̬̗̲̩͓͍̕G͏̢̧͉̖̻̯͈̮͠&̵̢̛̛̥̰̜͉̫̠̘̗̥͉̹̦̘͎͇͈͓̹Ḑ̶̡̢̗̲̭̙͍͓̪̞̠̰̹̠̤̤͓̘̤̞͢ͅG̨̨͓̠̝͇̘͇̠̟̳̪͘B̴̢͓͙̤̤͕̦̤͙͇͘͜Ẃ̵̨͙̬̖̝̼́̕U̡҉̻̫̗̘̙̜̝̼̭̳͇̭̖͖͎͖́͟ͅͅT̛̙̫̤̪̭͙͢#̸̵̷͇̮̝̣̘̩͓͉͓͚̝̙̤̰̭̫̗̬ͅ&̷̨̰̙̝͍̫̱̥̟͈̪̼̩̤͓̗̞͍̀͡@̴̴̷̛҉͕͇̙͙$̶̴̪̱̤̞̬͞@̴͏͏̡̤̤͈̬̝̮͇̫͓̰$̸̡̼̳͚̘͚͞͝*̶̛̹̜̩̟̮̘͓̥̙̥̦͓̣̙̦̀͝ͅ(̙̭̫̜͍̯͚̤̗̩͙̬͢ͅ
---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Everyone
---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Minimum
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{Difficulty}---
☐ Just press a bunch of buttons
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{Story}---
☐ Doesn’t have (Not counting historical stuff)
☐ Something isn’t nothing I guess
☐ Not great
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ Will make you cry or smile a lot
---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea
☑ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☐ Depends on you
☐ Endless
---{Bugs}---
☑ Never had any encounters
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Few bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
Posted: October 16, 2019
+ Visual Treat
+ Great Environment
+ Audio and OST are awesome
+ Relation of RED and Weapon is well written, so is the whole story
+ Hearing RED humming her songs is simply <3 (Check - Old Friends, Coasting and other OST, its a treat)
Combat system is ok (personally not a fan of turn based games) but overall this game is fantastic
Highly Recommended.
Posted: October 12, 2014
"Short but Sweet" Review... Transistor
Pros-
+Beautiful art style
+Phenomenal music and sound design
+Masterfully integrated lore
+Exhilarating and deep combat
+Great writing
+Great world design
+Enthralling narrative
+Amazing "back-door" area to relax
Cons-
-Illusion of choice
-Some characters were over-the-top and underdeveloped
Final Thoughts: Transistor is an audiovisual masterpiece and is a joy to play! It's enthralling narrative and exhilarating combat make this a near perfect game! It will most probably win multiple GOTY awards and will be remembered for years to come!
Posted: November 29, 2014
So you've read the reviews praising Transistor for its amazing scenery, the detailed hand-drawn sprites, the phenomenal soundtrack and maybe even read a thing or two about the gameplay which included words such as "time stop turn-based abilities" or "active and passive weapon functions" and you're left wondering... Is it accessible? Beauty being in the eye of the beholder and all, can the layperson appreciate the final product?
Answer: maybe not, but don't let that stop you from trying. New experiences build character and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is Transistor a new experience. It's just that Transistor is a game where the protagonist gains experience faster than the player behind the screen. Consider the following: you earn "functions" which can be used either in your weapon slot or as a passive buff to a function already in use, adding its properties to the active weapon. That's the active and the passive system! THAT'S HUGE! Do you realize how with four weapon slots (your four face buttons) and five functions, you already have twenty different configurations? Well hold on to your hats because there's a whole lot more than just five functions to play with. Try sixteen. Add to this secondary passive slots for player buffs, extra upgrade slots for weapons and a memory cost per function to manage and that's a lot to take in!
There's more. The whole time-skip ability pauses the game and allows you to plan out multiple actions in advance, at the cost of a cooloff period wherein no function can be activated. It's something that can certainly bite you in the ass if abused, so you want to hold on to it like a panic button. Or spam it constantly what with the correct build and enemies. Really, you don't know and the game doesn't provide you with much opportunities for experimentation. Enemy encounters are fixed and unique in nature; and although the game provides you with a Practice Mode, it's more target practice than battle practice.
Transistor's greatest flaw resides in its extraordinarily linear story mode. There are no collectables or side quests, so if the story mode has a reputation for being short, that's only because there aren't any branching paths anywhere. There's nothing to look out for, all unlockables are gained by leveling up and earning XP is done exclusively by defeating enemies. Whom do not respawn and appear at fixed intervals. So your whole adventure feels like riding a conveyor belt: move to enemy encounter, defeat enemies, save at conveniently nearby terminal, repeat with the occasional story break.
Although we commonly hate repetition, human beings learn by doing the same thing over and over again. Adding THE OPTION to redo a segment would be welcome and giving players a minor incentive to do so would go a long way in getting them acclimated to the active/passive system. There's no lack of technical info as the configuration screen offers you all of the hard numbers for your functions, but you want practice in addition to theory. Bastion provided "dreams" which were just waves after waves of monsters to defeat for extra shards. Practice Mode offers no such incentives and the targets don't fight back. For all of their efforts at writing a story, it seems as if the developers have forgotten to build a playground.
Thus I'll make my final verdict as simple as possible: buy Bastion first. That's a good game regardless of your sense of aesthetics (review available here). If you've enjoyed Bastion's stylistic direction, consider Transistor. Despite the change in setting, you'll recognize much of the artistic sensitivities that are the hallmark of Supergiant Games. Otherwise, you probably won't have the patience to appreciate Transistor. Regardless, you have to recognize the ambitiousness of what's ultimately a very simple concept at heart: make every weapon also act as a power-up. You can't fault that, and you want other game developers to crib the idea. So buy the game and encourage simple ideas that are complex in execution. We'll get more practice out from the other games.
Posted: July 2, 2018
I was a little depressed when I played this game and so never wrote down the details of my thoughts. Having already played Bastion, the first thing I went to do was increase the volume for music (which I almost always turn down or off for games). To my disappointment there was no sound at all. This was unacceptable, luckily there was an easily solution at http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Transistor#OS_X.2FLinux_audio_missing.
When I started playing, I felt very similar to this game as I did Bastion ... I can't get a hang of things, I suck at this game, damn action games. But, I stuck with it and it played to almost the end, happy to be done with it I was ready to move on until the final scene. Damn it, Supergiant, there is something in my eye - again! Having decided I needed to play-through a second time, I enjoyed it much more (especially as I finally had some good abilities).
System Info & Performance Report
Operating System	Ubuntu Linux 16.04 x64
CPU	AMD FX-8350
GPU	GTX 750
Game Saves	Automatically
Notes	Great story, great soundtrack, achievements don't work in offline mode
Technical Notes	No sound at start (see here[pcgamingwiki.com]), no other problems
Posted: January 7, 2020
The good :
+ Great story
+ Good voice actors
+ Unique gameplay mechanism
+ Amazing Soundtrack
+ Nice art
+ Atmospheric world
+ A bit difficult, but quite fun
The bad : -
The ugly :
* Decent, but vague world building (you either will like or hate it)
* Too short if you're only looking for the story
* The game might be difficult or frustrating for casual player
Supergiant Games managed to create amazing game again, but if you're expecting easy/enjoyable gameplay with clear story, this game isn't for you.
Posted: September 10, 2020
This is not a game, it's an art piece!
a Graphical art piece!
a soundtrack art piece!
a voice over art piece!
a game play art piece!
a story telling art piece!
Another Supergiant Same art piece!
And there is replay value now!!!
Posted: February 20, 2021
An amazing game with a nice game mechanics and combat system.
Beautiful soundtracks and environment with cool narration.
Short and decent story one can definitely enjoy.
Posted: March 7, 2023
I've replayed this game a few times, the story is mysterious and compelling, I love the voice acting, the music and the art style. It's a short game, but it's still one of my favourites. 100/10
Posted: November 12, 2022
i loved it so much more than hades both storywise and gameplaywise so sue me
Posted: June 30, 2016
Wouldn't say I am much into ARPG, but. This. Game. I. Swear.
The storyline and the characters are extremely good, the visuals are superb, and the music and voice acting - definitely one of the best I've ever heard, very charming and catchy. 10/10, I am now officially a member of the sect, yay.
Posted: July 9, 2018
In Transistor, you play as Red, a singer who lost her voice. You spawn in the middle of the action and it's up to you to find out what happened, and what will come. Since you lost your voice, the story is mostly told by your partner, a talking sword. As said, the story in Transistor is explored by discovering the world and by interacting with various terminals.
Combat is a big part of Transistor and works by pausing time, and planning out a series of moves. Once you unpause the time, you'll watch your actions unfold. You create your own skill set and continue to experiment with move sets and combo's throughout the whole game. Never did I feel I had achieved the best moves or combo's, because there are so many options and unique situations. It's easy to step into but can become quite challenging mastering. However, combat doesn't always work the way it's supposed to as you have no camera control and buildings on the foreground can block your vision. This way you might not always be aware of where enemy's are.
Clouding, the world of Transistor is an interesting futuristic sci-fi themed city, which get's complimented by the fantastic soundtracks. These makes exploring and walking through the otherwise silent city a relaxing and great experience.
Sadly Transistor can become quite repetitive after a while. You walk a bit, engage in combat etc. The detailed and unique combat system does help to prevent this a bit, but in the end, I was glad I finished the game. It was fun for a while, but became a chore later on.
Overwrought it's repetitive, the game is quite unique and I do recommend it. Pick it up in a sale for a good price and you'll definitely get some solid hours of fun out of it. Especially if you're going for the 100% completion.
Posted: July 4, 2020
Gameplay: 9/10
Graphics: 10/10
Story: 10/10
Soundtrack: 10/10
Length: short
Worth buying: worth
{Graphics}---
☑ Unique
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe
---{Gameplay}---
☑️ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t
---{Audio}---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape
---{Audience}---
☑️ Kids
☑️ Teens
☑️ Adults
☐ Human
☑Everyone
---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐Potato
☑ Decent
☐Fast
☐ Rich Boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{Story}---
☐Make you own stories!
☑ I want to wipe my memory so I can enjoy the story again
☐ Good writing
☐ It's okay I guess
☐ Cliche
☐ Wtf that doesn't make sense
☐ Basically Sharknado
---{Grind}---
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding
---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☑ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑️ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{Bugs}---
☑ Never heard of
☐Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved

Posted: May 24, 2014
Like its predecessor Bastion, Transistor is a truly marvelous and outstanding title that everyone must play to completion. Transistor boasts a lively, beautiful, hand-painted world filled to the brim with thick atmosphere that harmonizes perfectly with Darren Korb's spectacular soundtrack and Logan Cunningham's once again superb voice acting. All this combines with a deep, sweet, and brilliant story, unique and entertaining gameplay, and overall excellence, rendering Supergiant's newest title a true masterpiece. 10/10
Posted: June 27, 2015
One more nice game and story from Bastion creators. It provides you a dynamic gameplay, lovely music and a spellbinding plot. The only issue I found is replayability - after all I don't feel like pass it again. The game is short, it took 10 hours only to get the end, but, imho, it's better to play a good short game then a bad long one =) I can clearly recommend it to grab on sale and enjoy!
Posted: July 15, 2016
I love this game!
Now, the story is quite deep for a seemingly simple game (to be honest I didn't get it all until I checked it online) but I'll give you a spoiler-free, rough idea of what this game is about.
A city called Cloudbank is attacked by the Camerata which is a group of individuals who intend to change the city using Processes which are basically robotic creatures. You play as Red, a female singer who fights these creatures with the Transistor, a weapon that can also speak to you.
Throughout the game, you will receive new abilities called Functions for the Transistor which can be combined differently to produce different effects on your attack and defence. You will be able to change and combine the Functions together at terminals called Access Points to help you fight different foes with different abilities. There are also Sandbox areas for you to test and experiment with the Functions.
Armed with the Transistor, you will fight your way through beautiful locations, unlocking new Functions and facing new enemies. Your talking, sword-like weapon will keep you company and help you make sense of what is happening.
Gameplay: 9/10
RPG style.
Countless combinations for attack and defence.
Real-time fighting and planning mode available.
Very fun to play.
Story: 9/10
Very unique and interesting story.
Graphics: 9/10
Beautiful atmospheric locations and cutscenes.
Sound Effects & Music: 10/10
Incredible music. Game comes with optional Soundtrack.
Voice Acting: 8/10
Good voice acting which adds to the tone of the game
Overall Score: 9/10
Recommendation:
Very highly recommended.
Play with a controller.
Play at night in a dimly-lit room because... ambience.
Buy the soundtrack.
Posted: December 25, 2016
Yesterday, I finished Bastion, today, I felt like I need more from them so I played Transistor. It took me 5 hours to complete the story without doing anything else but the story, I also didint use and game-hardening effects that you can add while you play. I just wanted to see how it goes. So far, amazing.
PROS:
- Game is an eye-candy. Drawings, characters, enemies, everything is so beautiful I actually felt like using my old oil paints to paint something from this game and hang in my room. I'll just buy probably.
- OST's. As I mentioned in Bastion, they're not just doing a great job but I'm actually going to put all of these songs in my phone, they're worth it.
- Gameplay. I like isometric, but this is something else. I thought I'd be bothered with the turn-based playing but actually, It was on point and fun. Little calculations make it very easy.
- Skill design = FOR THE MOTHER OF INDIES, I loved it. The design is so catchy, and the combination system means, you can play the game however you want! You can create 1-hit K.O. AOE's or if you like playing dodgy, you can create more agile stunner gameplay too. Its all yours.
- Story. I cried. Seriously.
CONS:
- Level gaining. Level gaining itself isn't the bad part, the bad part is, I had to wait and watch how the character gained level after every single encounter, and I don't really like waiting for something so repetitive. It literally pauses the game, pops a little window, shows how many percentage of your character gained level, and then pops of. Still, It didin't ruined the game, It's something minor, and doesn't really bother you at some point because you're just so in the game.
TL;DR: If you like Bastion, buy it. Being isometric, or different gameplay won't bother you in any way, this game's a little masterpiece.
Posted: June 23, 2014
Easily one of the best games of the last 5 years. Incredible replayability, and upgrades galore. Gotta love upgrades. Turn that volume up, because you don't want to miss a single note. Flawless. Thank you for this game!
Posted: January 12, 2020
i listen to the ost almost every day.
Posted: June 17, 2021
Gorgeous art, fantastic hour and thirteen minute soundtrack, fleshed out main protagonist and great combat to tie it all together.
The gameplay is brilliant, so much combinations, so much thing to experiment, i enjoy every pieces of that, the atmosphere is great, music is amazing.
Do yourself a favor and at least watch the trailer if you are on the edge of buying this great game.
Transistor is a worthy follow up to Bastion.
Posted: May 20, 2014
45 Minutes in, looks and feels like Bastion. Visuals are stunning, narration is one of a kind. Great hack and slash, mouse controls are similar to Diablo 3, fighting style is like Fallout series, you can go Vats style or free hand it. Game so far well worth the price.
6 Hours in and it is beaten. All and all well worth the money. I did a full play through. As bastion there is a re play option at the end of the game were you can start over and keep your level and items etc.. I give it 7 / 10 i cant wait for DLC
Posted: December 26, 2021
Psst!!! Hey. Hey You! Yeah You, the one with the face... Do You...
- like isometric action RPGs?
- cherish easy-to-learn-but-hard-to-master game mechanics? With a user-decided adaptive difficulty curve to boot?
- enjoy exploring a different, colorful, and interesting world in the recent wake of a cataclysmic event?
- feel drawn to morally-grey villains and cute-but-deadly scores of enemies that are too adorable to stay upset with?
- appreciate getting to piece together original deep lore without being forcefully spoon-fed bland exposition?
- want Your ears to tingle as a charismatic voice keeps a silent protagonist company?
- yearn to play a game with a soundtrack that's so good, you'll be trying to low-key share songs with non-gamer friends and family for years?
Then You should play Bastion Transistor!
In a 'nutshell' here's a bit of the story:
Cloudbank is a virtual utopia. Citizens democratically vote on everything, from the next big building project to what the weather is going to be. When the polls end, administrators execute the changes from behind the curtain.
Choice reigns in Cloudbank. Large changes occur daily. And "when everything changes, nothing changes." That's the motto of the Camarata. They're interesting because they see Cloudbank as a dystopia.
Grant was an administrator. He executed changes voted by the majority. He also had to ignore his own opinions and feelings on the changes. This drained him to a point where he could no longer go forward.
Asher was frustrated with Cloudbank's shoddy historical records. When change is instant, and everyone lives in the present, historical records become impossible to maintain.
Royce was irked by the fact that everything could be changed on the whim of the majority. None of his designs were allowed to have any permanence, regardless of how much effort he put in them.
Grant, Asher, and Royce no longer wanted change to be a majority vote. They wanted change to happen when it was needed, not wanted. By using his supernerd math skills, Royce found his way to the Process, the entity/source-code used to shape and re-shape Cloudbank. As Royce further empowered the Process, he also worked on a way to control it - the Transistor (hey, that's the name of the game!)
The Transistor is the key to controlling the Process, therefore the key to low-key being God, at least in the virtual world Cloudbank is part of. And in order to be the best possible key, the Camarata decided that the Transistor required several Functions. Functions are obtained by... letting talented people be partially Processed... and then killing or absorbing them with the Transistor.
Cue Sybil, the last person to join the Camarata. As the social scout, she finds and approaches said talented people. And the Camarata abducts them... And then kills them... And forever imprisons a part of their sentience... for the greater good of Cloudbank.
Red, the protagonist, is a talented singer. The Camarata want her Function. What ever could go wrong?
...this is just the prelude of the game. Yeah, the story and writing are actually awesome! Going through the game also serves as some rich food for thought for anyone with a bit of a philosophy itch.
And it's not just the story that's awesome. In terms of visuals, the character design, Cloudbank's many stages, the cinematics, the UI, the HUD, the particles - awesome. In terms of audio, the voice acting, the music, the sounds - awesome. The variety of skill customization, and the way the user gets to set their own difficulty level - awesome.
Supergiant put in a lot of attention to detail in order give us both a game and a one-of-a-kind work of art. While Transistor is Bastion's successor, it is not a sequel. It shows the growth that the devs at Supergiant went through.
Lemme just quickly touch up on what I didn't enjoy that much - the combat. As soon as I unlocked a limiter I enabled it, and I do not recommend this. I did it for the XP boost and while level-ups always felt nice, the many fights did not. I went through the whole game and the recursion without finding a build I was perfectly comfortable with. Having Turn() off cooldown and being forced to run around is not fun. Spending 3 MEM to upgrade a Function with Jaunt() or to just equip it as an active or a passive also is not fun.
I found that Purge() upgraded with Crash() and Breach() let me spam a lot homing, long-range, stun-locking DoTs. However, it dealt almost no damage and the stun doesn't work on bosses and masked enemies.
I liked Void() upgraded with Bounce() and Get() but swapping out Bounce() for Crash() had better results overall. This is a great CC and debuff but it deals zero damage so I threw in a Load() passive whenever I could and just kept spamming until a packet spawned.
I tried out Cull() upgraded with Load() and Void() for good damage but found Tap() upgraded with Breach() and Void() to be more reliable overall.
Get() was a must-have as a passive for me though.
As I gained more Limiters and enemies got harder I found it harder and harder to use Turn(), so I stopped using it. Jaunt () and Ping () became a lot less important after that.
I found the boss fights to be more than just challenging in the Recursion with all 10 Limiters on. I'd advise against that.
Transistor came out in 2014 and it neither looks nor feels its age. It doesn't suffer from outdated graphics or narrative or a done-to-death gimmick. It doesn't rely on community mods or a community patch for the best experience. It features minimal RNG and no grinding. It doesn't have expansions, DLCs, loot boxes, or micro-transactions. Even the achievements feel right...
Yeah, recommended. 5/5 cells, would review again!
See you in the Country. --R
*No Sea Monsters were hurt in the playthrough or reviewing of this game.
Posted: August 4, 2018
A beautiful game that aptly hides its lack of contents.
"Transistor" is a strategic combat game disguised as an adventure: you lead Red, a famous singer who just escaped an assassination in her pursues of her captors.
Saying more would spoil the plot and, believe me, you would be sorry: the trama is quite original and interesting, and the story is delivered through bits of data and commentaries in a compelling way.
The graphics and sound are splendid, and the game runs on a mid or low-end processor, probably due to the very high artistic value of the music and settings.
Just the drawn backgrounds are a thing of beauty: Transistor capitalizes on its vision and doesn't need to put trillions of polygons on the screen or flex the GPU's biceps to look good.
As the overall quality and feeling think of "Bastion", and you'll have a rough picture.
But it's in the combat mechanics where the game shines.
The fight happens both in real-time and in a strategic mode where you plan your moves and execute them instantly, and both can be used depending on the combinations of powers you picked.
You heard right: you can combine the very diverse powers you will find, and each of them can be used in 3 (t-h-r-e-e) ways: as an active weapon, as a buff or as an upgrade for another power.
It's Magicka on steroids. A lot of steroids.
Fighting the monsters is rewarding in itself, and the number of setups you can muster are seemingly limitless.
The biggest issue with Transistor is the lack of contents: the game is very linear and, in the end, the few choices you can make are cosmetic. You fight and fight and fight while the story is revealed to you, and that's it.
In this sense, the game is so bare the developers put some useless actions and "interest points" in the game as a diversion, yet it's not them, but the story that makes you overlook the plainness of the game (the artificial additions actually make the problem even more apparent...)
Once you reach level 30 and finish all achievements (the game is on the "easy" side), the fun is gone.
Me? I'm not complaining: it was a glorious experience as long as it lasted. Just don't expect to play this over the years.
Posted: December 16, 2018
A heartbreakingly beautiful game. Llike a soft whisper, hinting at depth in every vacet of its design. Cleverness oozes from every pore, and the craftmanship is utterly divine.
Around five hours, very well spent. This is just one of those experiences you won't find in any other medium. And arguably one of those kinds of games that can truly call itself unique. It's not complex, but it's so well layered that it just feels natural to play and to read and enjoy the story as it unfolds non-linearly.
I love the turn-based/real-time hybrid of the gameplay but I do think the encounter design could have been better paced to more naturally teach the player what to do. The game punishes failure by locking away skills, which is a clever conceit, but I would have rather the design been tightened up so I felt more in control, and thus make proper failure more of an option.
But the counterbalance to my criticism is that the game really properly respects the player, with few situations overtly explained in either the story or the gameplay. Few developers can pull this off. Supergiant has already done it several times, and for that, they have earned their position as indie royalty.
Posted: March 27, 2017
Made by the creators of Bastion and set in a unique setting. Being a sci-fi fan this game was a thrill to play. It made me wish more games like it would get made. Enjoyed my time with the game and listening to the soundtrack as I played.
Pros
Good Story , though I would of liked more detail on the world setting
Artistic Visuals
Sci-Fi themed
Great Music
Real time & Tactical Combat
Unique Setting
Fun Boss Fights
Interesting Skills & Skill system
An ending that will leave you either satisfied or wanting multiple
New Game + mode and difficulty modifiers for those who want a greator challenge(like Bastions)
Cons
5-10hr playtime maybe a con for some (not me) so I will just list it on the top for your descretion
Linear (Not a Con for me but others might find it to be)
Narration & Story: I would of loved to had seen more narration to explain the kind of world you were in and such. It was not as thorough as in Bastion which had better narration and more story.
In all the game was fun and I hope their next game does just as well.
Posted: November 30, 2016
Now that I've recently returned to 100% the game, I feel that I can finally review it. (And don't worry, no spoilers.)
First off, if you've not played Bastion, you don't need to in order to play this one. They aren't connected in the least besides gameplay and artstyle/music. Of course, I'd recommend playing that game too; it's a good one. If you have played Bastion, then I'd still highly recommend playing Transistor. Though it doesn't have the multiple endings that Bastion does, the story is still quite satisfying.
Transistor is a great game, and I enjoyed it even more than I enjoyed Bastion. Its gameplay, though similar to its predecessor, feels a lot more polished and varied, with Red's many attacks having much use as you go along. What's nice is that a little ways in you get a way to attack even during your cooldowns (if you choose to use Turn()), which mixes up the fun even more. The story is just vague enough to keep you interested in its mystery (as Bastion did as well), and as minimal as it is, it works quite well. It's a really nice tale of love and loss (cheesy, I know), and the characters and world that it builds are very imaginative. It's short, it's fairly action-packed, and it's heartrending.
The theme at its core - the potential imperfections of paradise - is touched upon tastefully and openly enough for the player to form their own opinions on how such would work (if it could). The game contains a couple of anticlimaxes that are done in an intentional manner to add to the mood and storytelling, and while for a game that's generally not the best idea, I found that it made sense for the most part here. That is still, of course, a flaw, but it's a justifiable one.
As for the ending, without spoiling anything, I found it beautiful. The art, the music, the circumstances... they all blend together so well to make an impactful ending. It's amazing in its simplicity, and it is, for the most part, a logical conclusion to the story. I suppose there could maybe have been a choice as there was in Bastion (though only one choice and two options here), but that's just a very small piece of missed potential. The ending that the developers chose works, and it works well.
The art in the game is awesome, and I figured I might as well give it a brief mention. The whole game looks great, and every time you get to see full art in its glory, it really does feel like a treat. The artist is http://jenzee.deviantart.com/ in case you want to see more of her work. Anyway...
Finally, I get to gush about the music! I highly recommend buying the soundtrack, because it is phenomenal. It has some powerful songs (especially the vocal tracks - if you've not heard Paper Boats before, please don't listen to it until the end of the game. It just adds so much to the ending.) as well as many intense or atmospheric ones. A while back I made a review for the soundtrack itself, so check that out if for some reason you're interested in my favorite tracks. Anyway, all of the songs fit the game, and they add a lot to how artsy and beautiful it is.
That's about it for this review - it turned out a little longer than I'd expected! For a rather short game, Transistor is one of the best; like any Steam game, it's in your best interest to buy it on sale, but to me it's worth the full price. Even after fully completing it I can see myself going back to it in the future.
I don't really like giving numerical scores to games in general, so I'll just say that while it isn't perfect, it's really great and most certainly worth picking up if you can.
Posted: June 5, 2017
I feel like this game was built around a great idea. The Transistor. This weapon gets functions from the people it embodies. These functions can be mixed and matched to use in battle as active, secondary, or passive skills. There are a total of 16 different functions to unlock through your first playthrough, although if you decide to "recurse" (subsequent playthroughs) you unlock duplicates, bringing them up to 32.
Playing around with these different possible combinations is where the magic happens, and the game is aware of this. For instance, when leveling up you choose one skill in a small selection, so the order you unlock them is slightly random.
(not all since some are story related)
Another example is dying. When your health bar is depleted in battle you will be punished by losing your most valued function in return for a full health bar. This function will remain locked for a few fights forcing you to try new combinations. This can hinder you or open your eyes to devastating new tactics. It is only after losing all active functions that you die.
Limited ressources and knowledge can make the beginning of the game more difficult than intended. But once you find those game breaking combos no amount of limiters will hold you back. Limiters offer you a chance to increase the challenge in exchange for bonus xp. They also unlock as you level.
I like how the functions and limiters have little profile cards for the characters and the process (enemies) respectively. It gives depth to the transistor.
The story on the other hand is relatively short and intentionally cryptic. As I mentioned you have the possibility to recurse. Depending on how complete you want your experience to be, it might be necessary. There is an area in the game called the Backdoor containing different types of challenges. These tests are unlocked through your player level and after a single run some will remain locked. I would say it takes between 2 and 3 playthroughs to get max level (30) depending on the number of limiters you use.
Under the cloud of mystery and the sci-fi allure of the narrative is hidden a pretty simple story. It didn't bother me much but I would understand if some of you find it underwhelming.
The turn base and strategy side of this game is not as prevelant as I thought and aiming in real time can feel clumsy.
The last thing I want to mention is the level design. In spite of the stunning graphics the levels were lacking. It's mainly walking in hallways between combat. In battle is where you want to be, so these lackluster levels don't really affect the fun of the game. Paradoxically a second playthrough doesn't feel all that repetitive because it is just a continuation of the battle/walk/battle formula the game already had going.
Sometimes in battle, a "cell" can become hidden by terrain which can unnecessarily lengthen a fight.
In conclusion, this game is guided by a single well developed fun idea leaving the rest feel like an afterthought, disappointing but not enough to drag this down.
Bastion > Transistor
Posted: October 16, 2023
There would be no Hades without this game. Give it a try.
Posted: January 12, 2015
hey bastion was pretty damn good there's no way they could make it bett-
oh wait hi transistor
Posted: August 3, 2016
Transistor has beautifully done artwork, amazing colour contrasts(most likely picked every single colour to create this game tbh) and an Action-RPG game of sci-fi futuristic metropolis that includes the story of gorgeous influential singer, a female protagonist called Red and the remarkable sword, the Transistor.
Game begins as Red wields the sword(transistor) stabbed in deadman and ventures deep into the metropolis to discover and resolve some mysteries. The story reveals in bits and pieces, its our job to put them all together to find out whats really happening and it was a bit difficult to figure that out.
The game is mostly about two characters, the guy trapped in transistor after being stabbed and the girl Red, which is more like romance between these two and to keep each other safe rather than saving the city.
Together they go after the group belongs to Camerata organization which, for no good reason, turns against Red to kill her but failed in process. As the game goes on we discover that the man trapped in transistor was the one who gave up his life to save Red from dying and at the same time Red lost her voice and couldn't communite at all.
The sword talks all the time and is the actual narrator in this game. He/it never stops talking to Red which at times annoyed me because i couln't concentrate on the story during the fight.
The ending is quite emotional and sad nevertheless sort of satisfying.
As for me, i liked the combat and gaining the new functions for the sword on every Level-up. I enjoyed destroying the machines and robots by combining various functions which come out as new combos to deal greater damage to finish them off. I always enjoy stories and hate killing but the phenomena was totally oppoiste in this game(idk if someone agrees with me on this but i must say combat and combos were awesome for me).
The game also has the Planning mode which makes it alot easier to make combos and attack afterwards. Planning mode has always been my fav!
This game is very beautifully designed, capital city, Cloudbank is the major place where the whole story lies. The atmosphere was really pretty! i loved it.
I thoroughly enjoyed the soundtracks and music throughout the game. More music and songs could be unlocked by completing the side actvities and various tests. All of the songs were really amazing, i must say Supergiant put really good effort creating them! Some of the songs were also sung by Red, she had pretty good voice and really nice songs.
To the verdicts! Well the game is masterpiece of artwork! amazing soundtracks, well drawn art characters and a nice story.
Pretty much worthy of 19.99$ but its nice to have it on sale.
I Profoundly recommend it!!!

Posted: January 22, 2017
Transistor is a pretty interesting game, though definitely confusing. You begin the game "in media res," with things falling apart and jumping into some uncertain combat with some creatures known as The Process. Your character, Red, seems to have lost her voice, which is odd, and I will get to that later as a criticism related to Supergiant Games. The only thing that speaks to you (as the character and player) for most of the game is actually your weapon, the Transistor itself.
The story is not all given to you. In fact, you must piece a lot of it together - what the world is, where the people in it are, who the people you meet along your journey are, and what you are actually doing in the first place, among many other questions. Supergiant was very lightweight on what they give you, as you only learn small pieces here and there, with a few side details as you explore and find items such as terminals, which have news posts or recorded audio.
Other story details revolve around your powers in combat. As you go along in the game, you earn new attack skills for the Transistor, and you can map out which skills you have at a time. There are 4 active skill slots you can hold at any one moment. Each skill can be upgraded with a max of 2 other skills at a single time. And further, there are 4 passive skill slots that you can hold, which will cause certain effects during combat. Each new skill will give you 3 pieces of story information revolving around a singular character. To unlock the information, you must use each skill as Active, Upgrade, and Passive. Doing so will give you new blocks of text about each character's background.
Note that there is Memory that you have in the game, and equipping each skill uses up the Memory. Its purpose is to limit the amount of active, passive, and upgrade skills you have at any time. Further, you gain experience to level up in combat, common to RPG-style games. Leveling up is how you unlock certain new skills, and also how you unlock the usage of the new slots for active/passive/upgrade.
A very heavy piece of combat, which is basically a requirement to survive the game, is something called Turn(). Essentially, it stalls combat (freezes time) and gives you a limited energy bar to plan out what you want to do. Moving around and using skills will eat up the energy, though you can undo moves and keep changing your plan until you finalize it by ending Turn(). Doing so will trigger everything you chose in faster than usual speed, with most enemies barely moving while it all happens. Turn() is a way to increase damage against enemies, escape bad areas of battle, or even just a way to look around the area to figure out what to do.
While I do think that the usage of such a system was pretty efficient, and the fact that using skills in those 3 different ways allows for good customization, I do not think that Turn() necessarily blew the game away. A big reason why it is not all that is the fact that it really must be used a ton, or else you simply die. Many enemies cannot be efficiently beaten without it. Some of them are even chasing and attacking you every single second, as if they are in their own Turn() mode the whole battle, such as these dog enemies called "Fetch." While you find certain skills to hide or run away, most battle areas end up being relatively small and having large amounts of enemies, meaning that no place is exactly a safe spot.
In fact, the later into the game I got (and during my second playthrough in "Recursion"), I ended up using the exact same set of skills and spamming Turn() in order to get through. The game had certain side battles called Tests, one of which is called Performance Tests. In them, you must fight waves of enemies with randomly generated skills, as a means to get associated with more skills than just a few you like. However, most of those were simply not possible with certain skills and required many retries to get stronger ones, showing that not every skill is enough to beat the game.
The graphics of the game are pretty good, though I found way too many areas to be extremely bright/to have high contrast to where things were blending together. I could not find a good reason for this, because my computer and the game settings were nothing abnormal. No such brightness/contrast issues exist for any other games I have played, or for any applications I have used.
As for the sound, most of the effects are nothing too special, while some of the music and voice acting were done well, with limitations. In total, you only hear about 4 characters in the entire game, with 3 of them being for very short periods of time. Supergiant Games seems to not get many people acting as characters, and in both of their popular games so far, that minimalism exists. The other game is Bastion, of course, a game which many people compare Transistor to, as Bastion came out a few years before in a similar vein. Both games have very little voice besides one main character talking as a semi-narrator, and one or two songs made for the games.
Now, as just mentioned, Supergiant has the other big hit Bastion. As has seemed to be a large topic for players of these games, many people question and answer which of the two hits are better. A majority of people I've seen so far say Bastion - and in my opinion, I would agree with them.
While Transistor is definitely strong and I still recommend playing it, I feel like Bastion has more charm and better setup than Transistor does. I enjoy the gameplay setup of Bastion more, with a hub that you return to, a map that you traverse to specific areas with vastly different styles, and a purely active combat style. I also enjoyed the story and characters of Bastion more, with you getting to learn more about them and the world.
Supergiant made Bastion with very tight-knit story and gameplay, while Transistor has more breadth. Bastion gives you almost every single background detail possible, which I would not say Transistor needs to do - but I still think that Transistor did not go as deep as it should have. A lot of the story just feels like it is randomly pieced together, while Bastion feels very connected. Further, Transistor is a rather shorter game in comparison to Bastion.
Despite the above, I think Transistor is definitely a game worth trying out, as it is a nice experience overall. However, I believe that Bastion has a higher replayability as well, and I do not see myself returning to Transistor much.
Posted: September 16, 2016
A mute redhead meets a verbally expressive USB greatsword. Cyber eroticism ensues.
Posted: June 20, 2014
Supergiant came out of nowhere with Bastion, and it was amazing. Would they be able to recapture the magic with their sophomore release? In short: mostly.
What made Bastion memorable to me was the music and atmosphere. Mechanically solid, but aurally and visually delightful. With Transistor they flip this a bit. The real hook, the most fully formed part of the game, is the combat mechanics.
Make no mistake, the audio is still miles ahead of most competitors. Darren Korb does superb work with the music, though admittedly my tastes favor the folk blues of Bastion to the synth jazz of Transistor. Logan Cunningham once again able to run laps around most voice acting in games. Overall the entire atmosphere and audio portions of the game fall secondary to Bastion, but there is no shame in taking second to a game as strong as that.
The mechanics are the area where it stands on it's own. They use a unique system of abilities, with each function able to take either the form of an ability, modifier for another ability, or passive support role. The myriad ways these interact can lead to many tactical situation. The game also strongly encourages mixing and experimentation, as the narrative is largely unlocked by using an ability in each of the 3 roles. There doesn't seem to be any overpowering combo, though each can feel that way when used correctly. Many games feature a wide array of abilities you can equip, but few do as good of a job encouraging you to experiment and resist using the same strategy throughout.
Overall, a hearty recommendation. While I rate it slightly lower than Bastion, their idea of a sophomore slump is still to embarrass the competition in writing and audio.
Posted: July 31, 2020
Transistor is an action strategy game that follows Red - a singer seeking revenge against a mysterious, shadowy group that stole her voice and ruined her life. To reach them, she must make her way through a glamorously radiant, but abandoned city as it's being taken over by robotic creatures.
Red's main ability is activating a Turn(), which allows her to stop time and plan out her moves, followed by their rapid execution. The combat switches between hiding from enemy attacks and using Turns() to retaliate. While you're not fighting enemies, you'll be carefully considering your future strategies by selecting which abilities you'll be equipping in your next fight, making for a surprisingly deep, but never overwhelming strategy-based combat (that is, until you realise you can just build around Help() and the game becomes a breeze).
The pacing gets a little slow at times, but the game makes up for this with an enthralling story. The game immediately starts by setting up various strange mysteries, all resolved in a more than satisfying manner, culminating in an ending that makes it all oh so worth it.
But perhaps the strongest aspect of Transistor is the mood between the two main characters - Red and the voice coming from her sword. The dialogue is absolutely brilliant, and, accompanied by Logan Cunningham's flawless voice acting, it keeps you wanting to see more and more of these two working together. The little chats between fights were more interesting to me than the combat itself - which is a high bar. The interactions with the game's villains are also very intriguing, with especially unique characterization done for Royce (his intelligent, but slightly rambling, lunatical way of expressing himself, as well as his strange inflections may seem like small details, but they go a long way in developing his character).
Transistor also doesn't disappoint with its visual style and music. The game's urban setting is made alive with colourful lighting and Supergiant's signature art style that goes perfectly with Darren Korb's music. Right from the moment the game opened with "Old Friends" I knew the OST would be amazing, not to even mention Ashley Barrett's vocals.
Transistor is a game that distills the best things about the strategy genre while also providing a unique setting, mood and story. An absolute must-have.
Posted: July 4, 2016
It made me fall for for a faceless guy (more like a sword duh!) with super hot voice and
it made me cry.
The battle system is unique, battles aren't that hard, great soundtrack, amazing storyline, love the characters.
"Sky looks blue cause we want it to" - Farrah Yon-Dale
But too bad I can't compare it with Bastion since I haven't play it.
Some said, the ending makes no sense, well I dont know which part but to me it is completely statisfying.
There is no real bad guy, it just a matter of perspective and I really, really like that.
But, what I like the most is the romance.
I didn't bought this for the romance, I didn't even know!
But it turned out to be simply amazing and beautiful.
Without lot of words I can feel the connection/bond between Red and The Transistor,
Players don't need a complete conversation to know they love each other, and I know it's not easy to do that.
Especially, during the gameplay. Players don't know their history (yet) or what kind of relationship they had and Red
only stays silent, but, you can feel it that there is something between them like longing.
When the game ends, I didn't expect it to be like that, I was surprised and it hit me with tears, the beautiful soundtrack makes it even worse.
Definitely 10/10
Posted: November 13, 2017
This is the most beautiful artstyle of a game I have ever seen. The combat turn-base gameplay is fantastic and the soundtrack is outstanding. In the middle of the story right now and the story is very good. When this game goes on sale, or heck if you have the money, get the game; I highly recommend that this game should be in your library.
Posted: July 2, 2022
Another Supergiant game. Another gigachad narrator. Another jaw-dropping soundtrack.
The combat system is innovative to me as a person who enjoys turn-based combat.
Enemy Variety is not too diverse (about 8 to 10 different enemy types). Still, as you progress, they become stronger and unlock new abilities, requiring you to adapt and look for new ways and strategies to defeat them while acquiring new functions yourself along the way.
The story although vague, is really touching and beautiful.
Overall this game is a 10/10 for me. Absolutely recommended.
Posted: July 29, 2014
"I'm never happy like we were happy. I'm never sad like we were sad. You'll be the end of me."
Brilliant, inspiring, PERFECT.
Posted: October 10, 2014
This isn't a game, it's a piece of art. Really creative setting, combat, story, artwork. A must have for people that like games with a good story and/or action rpg's.
Posted: May 24, 2014
Basically, this is Bastion with a "software" theme. The art and music are outstanding, though very similar to Bastion, as is the attention to detail.
There are loads and loads of programming references, which I found absolutely delightful, being a software engineer.
You don't have to be a software engineer to enjoy the game, though. Like Bastion, the game is perfectly accessible to anyone. It's been described as an RPG-lite, but there's plenty of gameplay complexity. The combat is a mix between ARPG and TBS.
There are even a few "puzzles" (game calls them "tests") thrown in, where you are challenged to win a fight by utilizing your abilities in specific ways. These tests are a way of educating you on the combat mechanics.
There's plenty of strategy involved, including the ability to make combat more difficult in exchange for a small exp bonus. I played at effectively the highest difficult setting and enjoyed the challenge. I'm probably going to continue through the second playthrough for additional challenge.
The first playthrough is fairly short, but never feels tedious, either. The second playthrough can be taken to extend play time by quite a bit. I like the game length. Some might complain about the price point, but I think it's fair for a quality indie title like this.
There are stability issues at the moment, but they are rapidly being patched, so I expect those to mostly be resolved soon. I mainly encountered problems with the optional "tests" deadlocking (?) and requiring manual process termination. Glancing at the forums, this seems to be related to the online features, which are understandably more difficult to test prior to release, so it's not exactly fair to ask "don't these people test their game?"
Also, there's not much character development and no real character interaction (though there's plenty of good voiceover). Some might miss that, but it didn't bother me. The focus is on atmosphere. I liked the way the game slowly revealed the backstory and made you work for some of it - revealing character biographies if you used your abilities in different ways.
I liked the story, though I may be biased given the theme :)
In conclusion, I highly recommend this.
Disclaimer: I only played 30 minutes into Bastion so far, so I'm not very qualified to compare the two titles. (Yeah, I know, I'll get around to finishing it eventually)
Posted: December 27, 2022
i do not think i've ever seen this much love put into a 5 hour game
Posted: November 23, 2016
i cry just thinking about transistor
Posted: June 12, 2014
Oh holy ham sandwiches, this game is absurd. First of all, the art style is simply amazing. I mean did ya look at it? It's fabulous. Secondly, the soundtrack is WHOASH. You might end up not enjoying the game but still love it because of how good the music is. It's off the chain man.
The gameplay. Let's just say that it's a real sauce ball platter when it comes to this aspect. Transistor uses a battle system that is both unique and delicious to the stomach. It allows you to attack enemies in real time or using the neato "Turn" ability to plan out your attacks. Both options are viable and they are both quite satisfying.
Transistor is not without it's flaws however. The game is pretty short only taking me around 7 hours to beat. The game is also extremely linear offering no sense of exploration. The game will keep you going on the path of destruction without much say. HOWEVER, transistor's replay value is boosted thanks to it's wide selection of weapons which allows you to experiment and find tons of different strategies and slam dunk homeruns to use throughout the game. So you don't get to explore the world much but you do get to explore your vast arsenal of abilities. Making different loadouts was pretty fun, and that's where a lot of the replay value was found for me.
For those of you who played Supergiant's last game Bastion, you should be right at home with the new role that voice actor Logan Cunningham plays in this game as the voice inside the transistor. Similar to Bastion, the main character is silent and the voice in the transistor will speak for her as she journeys through the city of Cloudbank. It is a slightly different role compared to the role of the narrator from Bastion, but it is executed very well and at the end of the day I was just as impressed.
The story is also one of the biggest dunks this game has to offer. I found it very interesting and engaging, however once the game had ended, I was left with many unanswered questions that were never resolved. This may annoy some players, but I actually found it refreshing that the game challenges you to think about these questions and come up with interpretations for yourself.
At the end of the day, this game is GODLIKE. For those of you who are looking for a large amount of content in this game, the 20$ price tag may be too steep. And that is okay, but I believe that this game is such an awesome experience that the price tag is justified even if it doesn't last you as long as most games.
So yeah, Transistor gets a rating of "11/10 reverse gorilla dunk". Thank you for your time.
Posted: November 6, 2014
Another banger by Supergiant Games.
Let me start by saying that Transistor's music is absoultely fantastic. It's composed by Darren Korb (also did the soundtrack for Bastion) it has a futuristic feel to it with a little bit of Noir in there. It's also neatly integrated into the game and its story. The protagonist is a singer for crying out loud.
Her name's Red, she's a singer, and her friend is now a talking sword. That's all you get at the begining of the game. Transistor's story is open ended, surprisingly heartfelt and imaginative. There are no clear-cut solutions or ideologies, the characters have their (sometimes questionable) motives, and it's hard to say what's what at times. The game is also very subtle about its themes. Very much like Bastion, you can speculate and fill in the gaps with your friends. Fun stuff.
Much like the story, the gameplay is brilliantly crafted and also very much open ended. Every bit of it is customisable, and the game makes you feel like you're in control of its systems. To simplify it- it's a real time action RPG. By pressing the right trigger you change it to a turn based structure, but it's more of a special power. The "turn" lasts only a short while but you can trample over the enemies without consequences as they are frozen in time, and you have a bunch of tools that can do the trampling.
Red has a large selection of abilities to chose from, each ability has three functions- active, powerup and passive. You can attach unused abilities as powerups for the ones that are active, or you can use them as passive powerups for your statistics. Some abilities deal damage, some persuade, some create distance between you and the enemy, which you will need, as the enemies are tricky to handle (when they're not frozen in time that is). You will have to mix and match, see what works best, and then change it again. The game encourages experimentation- change your character's presets as many times as you want, it's easy and free of charge. The game's too forgiving? Obliterating enemies left and right? You can make the enemies harder and gain more experience. It's all customisable. Supergiant Games definitely built upon the already well made systems seen in Bastion and greatly improved them.
Heck, the whole thing's really well made. And, well, gosh darnit. Ain't this the prettiest darn game I have ever laid my blue eyes upon. This game's graphics are something special, tell you hwat. Inspired by Art Deco, its futuristic vistas are just... Just beautiful. A little bit confuisng to get through at times perhaps, but with these looks, hey, who's complaining.
The only criticism I have is that its story is too short. Now don't get me wrong, the story is really well made and doesn't drag, but you can finish it in 5-6 hours. Now, that's great, I like a well made story, if it has to be around 6 hours to present itself the right way, the way the author intended, great. but you WILL want to play more of it after you've seen the ending, and it is a shame that you will have to start up New Game+ to do so.
The good news is that the New Game+ mode is really well made and has some additional stuff in it. Everything transfers and the difficulty ramps up. Heck, they even change up the enemy spawns, so it's definitely worth a second playthrough. Plus- there's no way you're going to reach the level cap during your first run through Thransistor, so there's a bunch of new stuff you'll get to play with.
Well, that's a minor gripe, this is A+ material for sure. It's obvious that these guys know what they're doing, and every part of this game has been meticulously crafted with much passion and hard work. Whatcha gonna do next Kasavin? Cause whatever it is, I'm listening.
Posted: September 10, 2017
I once thought that there wouldn't ever again be a agame that would get me as emotionally invested as Life Is Strange but I was wrong. This game is even moreso emotionally ripping and the story is short but great.
The game will reel you in with it's charm and unique personality. Lovable characters and phenomenal storytelling. Only flaw here is the length.
Worth the admission of full-price.

Posted: April 11, 2017
Transistor is like a beautiful woman with whom you somehow land on a date. She has attracted you with her mysteriousness, but you still do not listen to what she says, by falling in her eyes and in the lingering sound of her voice. After all, great memories remain, though you are not sure exactly what happened there.
Posted: December 30, 2017
Short and (bitter)sweet. Great and compelling game. I finished it in about three and a half hours and definitely did not expect to finish it that quickly but I'm glad it chose to keep things concise instead of letting things drag on just for the sake of it. There's a lot to praise in this game.
-Great and original artwork/art direction (it's half roaring 20's, half neo noir? how cool is that?!)
-Great gameplay with a lot of options on how you want to approach things (you can not only pick from a wide variety of powers, you can also make any one of those powers a a different upgrade or passive ability instead. Makes more sense in game, don't worry)
-Great music. Absolutely beautiful and definitely important to the story itself
-Great story. The game oozes lore and the characters themselves are compelling and filled with emotion.
There's a lot of layers to this beautiful game. Give it a go.
