Posted: April 23, 2022
If you told me when I started playing dota 2 at 18 years old that I would be reviewing this game after 8 years and 13'000 hours, I would have laughed at you.
Let me put that into perspective: 541 Days and 16 Hours. Of dota 2.
I'm almost 26 now, and I don't really know what to think of this game. This game has had a large impact on my life. I was "addicted" to the experience, in ranked and matchmaking. I've learned a lot about myself and others. I've learned a lot about staying in charge of my emotions. I've also learned that emotions can easily lose you a game before its come to its conclusion. I've learned how to react instinctively to changing pixel colours.
But I've also relatively learned nothing.
Not to depress anyone reading this, but when I put all of this into perspective, thinking about what could have been, I could easily imagine how much better my life would be if I never started playing this game. Socially, I would have a stronger network. My education and eventual career would probably have had more longevity (I have played professionally as a dota 2 player, but grew a lack of interest in competing). But I can never be sure how drastic these differences are. Would the pros outweigh the cons? I have certainly met and interacted with a large group of people, because of dota2, at events, tournaments etc. Any dota 2 player that has sunk 2000 hours or so has probably had these thoughts: "what if I just did ... instead" or "what if I just played on a more casual level". The issue is, that dota feels more rewarding than other things, and that's a trap I fell into.
It is with a heavy heart that I admit that I don't think I can bring myself to play anymore. Took a long 8 years for me to grow out of this perfect fit, which is why I must review dota2 positively.
Thank you for all that you have done for me. Farewell friend.
Posted: June 11, 2023
This isn't a free game. Each match cost you a bit of your sanity until you have nothing left.
Posted: November 14, 2023
After 5000 hours I realized that there were not 9 idiots in each match, but 10.
Posted: April 18, 2023
This community is so nice i got a lot of tips on how to uninstall the game and what to do with myself
Posted: September 23, 2022
This community is so nice i got a lot of tips on how to uninstall the game and kill myself
Posted: November 20, 2021
This community is so nice i got a lot of tips on how to uninstall the game and kill myself
Posted: May 7, 2019
Pros:
- You will learn Russian
- You will learn Spanish
- You will learn Pinoy
For what cost?
- Your friendship
- Your time
- Your family
- Your life
Posted: November 2, 2021
This game taught me about the diversity of cultures that our small little corner of the universe offers.
Then it taught me to hate them all.
Posted: April 13, 2018
"You learn how to learn, how to lose and most importantly you learn about you."
Alright.... so here is my dota 2 review after playing almost 6000 hours over the span of 3 years.
1. general thoughts and how i started:
I was 15 when a friend recommended dota 2 to me. Back then i wouldnt ever have imagined how much time this game would take from me. At some point i was playing 12+ hours a day for weeks. Now im approaching my 19th birthday and im kind of conflicted on what kind of impact this game had on my life. I learned a lot about myself and generally speaking matured a lot regarding interacting with other humans. Dota isnt just a game, Dota is something else, something i have never experienced even when i was addicted to a mmorpg when i was 9-13. You learn how to learn, how to improve, how to win and how to lose. The most important thing dota teached me was how emotions impact your performance, and that saying "nothing" is sometimes the best thing to do. In real life no one really teaches you stuff like that since people are kind of used to dealing with emotional ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
2. Did i waste my youth?:
So this sounds a bit depressing but this is a thought that i had sometimes. but realisticially speaking, knowing myself, im really unsure of how much my life wouldve been different if i never started dota. I asume i wouldve been a bit further regarding social contacts but career/school-wise i highly doubt that it wouldve made a big difference. You gotta be realistic when thinking about stuff like this. Im not a very social guy. I dont like to put work into stuff i dont care about. The thoughts "lets learn music" or "lets study" wouldnt have EVER crossed my mind when i was 15. Im pretty sure if i wouldnt have started with dota i wouldve just been gooning around the city and abuse drugs, since thats a lot of fun to me. Back then i actually never even thought about working on something to improve, that whole dimension of "improving" wasnt even there for me. I just went to school got home and did fun stuff sometimes. Thats it. No goals. No aspiration, nothing. Dota changed that.
3. time invested into dota2:
EVERY dota player that has spent more than 1000 hours into this game has had that thought of "oh man i shouldve learned something with this time.... i couldve been amazing now.." at some point. But everyone is disregarding the fact that grinding dota is something VERY EASY and comfortable to do, unlike studying or learning an instrument. Just think about what kind of game dota 2 is that spending 1000s of hours is something you do with pleasure. It's kind of insane thinking about it. Once i started studying more for school again i realized how much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ time 100 hours is. I garantue you that you will be a top student if youd put 20 hours a week into studying outside of school. But the big difference is that dota is just so much more fun and REWARDING.
REWARDING: dota 2 is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ REWARDING. you learn a new hero -> BAMM MMR. you start understanding how to farm -> M . M . R
YOUR RANK GOES ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ UP. IT FEELS AMAZING. at school you get an A and you smile for about 10 minutes and then youre back to being miserable. theres no punishment for being mediocre. At least thats how i feel right now and im graduating this year(grades are OK(kinda good, not great)).
ReasoN I WROTE THIS: im downloading dota right now because my laptop is REALLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up adn deletes files something, so i needed something to do
CONCLUSION: AMAZING GAME, EATS ALL YOUR TIME, YOU WILL HAVE FUN(if you are competetive)
hope someone will ever read this lol hit me up if you wanna chat
Posted: May 25, 2020
Do you have depression? Do you have anxiety? Do you get sporadic panic attacks throughout the day? Are you a racist, xenophobe who knows how to curse in 12 different languages? Do you and your friends fight all the time? Are you addicted to nicotine? Fear not. This game will give you all the above.
Posted: February 29
this game removed my potential to became a useful dude to society and turned me into a toxic racist ♥♥♥♥♥♥. 100% worth it
Posted: May 30, 2017
If you want to have a great life with jobs, moneys, girl, etc, don't play this game.
Posted: September 2, 2012
its k
Posted: October 4, 2023
This isn't a free game every match costs a piece of ur sanity until you are left with nothing but regret.
Posted: December 26, 2020
I often feel the desire to play Dota 2
Until I actually play it
Posted: March 10
If you want to have a great life with jobs, moneys, girl, etc, don't play this game.
Posted: December 9, 2023
This isn't a free game every match costs a piece of ur sanity until you are left with nothing but regret.
Posted: December 23, 2022
This game might be good but I need to play more before I can say anything.
Posted: December 16, 2013
Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend.
Posted: July 6, 2023
Do you think its a free game? Mann no! Each match cost you a bit of your sanity until you have nothing left.
Posted: August 31, 2023
It' will ruin your life, make you hate yourself but come back for more.
Posted: June 14, 2023
This community is so nice, I got a lot of tips on how to uninstall the game
Posted: January 18, 2022
Four Types of Damage in Dota2:
1. Physical
2. Magical
3. Pure
4. Brain
Posted: June 29, 2021
my gf left me
Posted: February 3, 2018
Ruins your social life.Makes you sad and happy at the same time. Recommended for people who do not want a life.
Posted: November 2, 2022
Product received for free
Dont play this game , play any other game you can find , find other game do anythin else with your life , take a walk go to the park , eat ice cream. Dont play games do anything else read books , eat good food find a lady do things in the real life . i have 200 days of non stop continus playing of dota 2 this not mentioning dota 1 or other games , if i put all the games togeter they are literly 2 years of my life im 31 and i have literly lived almost 10% of my life just sitting on a chair in front of a screen . Please if you read this , go do something else , read , study do sports eat good food learn to cook , learn to ride a bike anything anything else .
Posted: November 13, 2014
This game taught me about the diversity of cultures that our small little corner of the universe offers.
Then it taught me to hate them all.
Posted: June 15, 2021
It feels so good when you finally Uninstall DOTA2
Posted: July 12, 2021
Learnt russian, indonesian, tagalog and more. better than duolingo 10/10
Posted: July 29, 2021
This game ruined my life
I recommend everyone to play Dota 2 and not LoL nor Mobile Legends
Don't get me wrong, I am not hating or anything. I was from Dota 1 for like 3-4 years before Dota 2 was released and it didn't caught my attention to adapt the new theme of it.
Dota 2 is a great game, an awesome game. I really should have thought about spending money on a free game but to hell with it I say. Mechanics are well designed, what makes a hero OP is the player behind it and the team that surrounds it. This is a team game people, so team work is a must (unless you are solo queuing, then you have to carry your garbage of a team but it can be the other way around). Monster gamers are real.
Dota 2 has taught me a lot of things, you can only be good at something if you focus on it, learn from mistakes, be aware of your surroundings, trust your instinct, use common sense, trusting on your team to always have your back, believing in your capabilities, always try to be better than you were yesterday, and that..
THE COMEBACKS ARE REAL!!!
This game bought me and my friends together for lan parties and strengthen our bonds. A mere game that brings people together, not just friends but complete strangers too. Dota 2 is a game that will never be forgotten.
All in all, I recommend this game to everyone who wants to experience pain, suffering, and torment because at the end, you will come to a sudden realization that things are always bound to get better.
P.S. Calm down, it's just a game...... YAWA!
Posted: December 29, 2021
I was verbally assaulted
10/10
Posted: March 26, 2021
I feel old now :(
Posted: October 21, 2021
Sorry I don't speak English.
I only speak: Arabic, German, Hebrew, Spanish, French, Italian, Portugese, Korean, Chinese, Japanese, Urdu, Finnish, Yiddish, Turkish, Russian, and Farsi.
Posted: December 28, 2021
It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian
Posted: March 10
this game ruined my life 12 years ago and i came back to it and it's ruining my life again
Posted: March 4, 2020
best game in the galaxy, but you have to play with the worst species in the galaxy.
Posted: May 26, 2017
Skipped classes thanks to Dota.
Learned to gamble thanks to Dota.
Learned to swear in 12 different languages thanks to Dota.
Became racist thanks to Dota.
All in all, Ruin your life simulator. 10/10 would recommend if you are trying to kill yourself.
Cancer can be cured,
SEA Dota community can't be.
Posted: February 8, 2015
In Dota 2,
Not many people speak your language.
Not many people play well.
Not many people talk nicely.
Not many people work as a team.
But if you find people that do...
You'll have the most fun you've ever had.
Posted: August 22, 2014
"THE PUB SUPPORT"
"Where are wards?" The pub Carry demanded.
"I placed them and they were countered" the Support began, "I am trying to juggle giving you complete lane farm, protecting you and harrassing the enemy while saving to buy more, also possibly sentries to remove their-"
"UP COUR PLS" the mid hero politely added.
"Give Savle" The Carry demanded. "Certainly." replies the support, using the salve on the Carry who subsequently ran headlong into an enemy creepwave.
"So where is mek?" the Carry said, after he was ganked due to overextending. The Support died saving him and was treated to a rather enthusiastic series of map pings on his corpse.
"Again, having not even enough to buy boots as well as wards, I don't think a 7 minute Mek is viable." The Support replies.
"Haha look your level, so low, noob" the Carry retorted. "U have no item xaxa".
"Well, jungle gold and experience through stacking and pulling with blocked camps is nowhere near as much as on lane which I attempted to give you, the carry, the priority over."
The Carry is subsequently ganked again at the enemy tower, oblivious to the enemy tp that the Support moved away from.
"Report Support, usless" The carry cried in allchat, in between mentioning various aspects of the Support's Mother's anatomy.
"Instead of reporting and acting like that, why don't you try supporting for randoms sometime instead of instapicking a carry?" the Support asked, as he watched the Carry return to afk-lasthitting lane creeps.
"HAH, support is for noskill noobs like you!"
Posted: February 4, 2021
Do you have depression? Do you have anxiety? Do you get sporadic panic attacks throughout the day? Are you a racist, xenophobe who knows how to curse in 12 different languages? Do you and your friends fight all the time? Are you addicted to nicotine? Fear not. This game will give you all the above.

Posted: December 16, 2023
Product received for free
Addictive and will ruin your life. Its like heroin. Great for those who already use it, but not recommended for anyone else
Posted: April 22, 2023
Better language learning app than Duolingo.
Posted: April 3, 2020
The best game to play if you are suicidal or hate your life all together
Posted: November 7, 2019
Product received for free
Very nice game with a considerable number of toxic players. Ruins your life. Don't play if you want to live a normal life.
Posted: December 4, 2021
Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend
Posted: September 26, 2021
Four Types of Damage in Dota2:
1. Physical
2. Magical
3. Pure
4. Brain

Posted: January 16, 2017
Ruins your life. Don't play if you want to live a normal life.
But A fun game all the time. Have fun & Enjoy !!!
Posted: October 14, 2014
DotA 2 Will drain you of your will to keep playing, and yet you will always return.
DotA 2 Will make you regret ever playing it, and yet you will always think "Just one more game"
DotA 2 Will take away all your free time, and yet you'll almost feel proud of how many hours you have in DotA 2.
With the time you spend on this game, you could do all sorts. Study on learning a new set of skills to further your career. You could raise money for charity. You could be an aid worker for a foreign country and help improve the lives of others. You could even just play other games, you know, those ones sitting in your backlog, pushed aside by DotA 2.
But you won't.
You will always return to this game. The maximum you will learn from playing this game is how to insult others in various languages (mostly these languages will consist of Russian and Peruvian.). This game will become as much a part of your life as eating or blinking. Half the time you will not even remember having played DotA 2 on a certain day. It just becomes natural to you.
If you start playing this game, you will become addicted.
You will also spend obscene amounts of money on cosmetics. A quick chest purchase here, a few random items on the market there, and boom. Like me you'll have spent far too much on a game which needs no money spent on it. If you start DotA 2, not only will you be subjecting yourself to a motivation-destroying hobby, but also subjecting yourself to a wallet emptying one too.
tl;dr This game will take away your time, money and patience for others. You will become an angry person.
Basically 10/10 GOTY All years
Posted: October 12, 2021
In Dota 2,
Not many people speak your language.
Not many people play well.
Not many people talk nicely.
Not many people work as a team.
But if you find people that do...
You'll have the most fun you've ever had.
Posted: November 26, 2020
⢸⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⡷⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡇⠢⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠈⠑⢦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Are you wasting your time playing Dota 2 again, son?
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠖⠒⠒⠒⢤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⣀⢤⣼⣀⡠⠤⠤⠼⠤⡄⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠑⡤⠤⡒⠒⠒⡊⠙⡏⠀⢀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⠢⡄⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠇⠀⣀⣀⣀⣀⢀⠧⠟⠁⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠸⣀⠀⠀⠈⢉⠟⠓⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢱⡖⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⢺⠧⢄⣀⠀⠀⣀⣀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⣠⠃⢸⠀⠀⠈⠉⡽⠿⠯⡆⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⣰⠁⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠉⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠣⠀⠀⢸⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⢇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡌⠀⠈⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠃⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
Posted: July 31, 2021
One of the best and most influential games ever and a game very near and dear to my heart. Please don't play it.
There is NOTHING more satisfying in this world then winning a 1 hour + length match in this game. Both teams get extremely personal with each other, both teams doing everything in their power to make sure that time spent belongs to them, there will be a couple of central characters in the match who just dominate the battlefield and both teams are doing everything to make sure that character can come through and do their job.
♥♥♥♥ sex, ♥♥♥♥ money, ♥♥♥♥ fame. In that one moment, when you win, you feel like the whole world is yours and the people you might have never ever been friendly with, suddenly can turn into great friends the moment after that victory.
Its incredible and I haven't seen a game that is able to create these miracle situations as often as this one does.
But thats the whole problem with this game, to get that situation you need a well balanced match, you need decent team mates, you need personal will power and skill, and you need time.
If ANY of those things don't line up, you are in for a massive ♥♥♥♥ show. I can't even tell you at this point how many terrible matches I have had. Its terrible for your mental health. Even when you finally get decent at the game, there will always be better people and you are still playing a team game. Its depressing and you constantly have to be confronted with that playing this game. In a way its humbling and great for self growth, but in another way its absolutely unhealthy and that kind of mental torture is something people shouldn't subject themselves to.
Even after reaching immortal multiple times there is still so much room for improvement. As I grow older I just see myself losing access to that kind of time constantly. In the past 5 hours of free time was nothing and I wouldn't grow tired of it at all. But now I have responsibilities and people needing my help, a 40 minute match is something daunting when you get to that point.You just end up wishing you could pause the game like with single player games or wondering if you couldn't spend the hours in Dota to finish up playing other games you wanted to play.
This isn't just a long game, its an infinite game where you are the deciding factor on when to stop, depending on the type of person you are, that stopping point might take a long ass time like it did for me.
Conclusion
When I started this game I was a mess of a person, I had barely any friends, I was terrified of talking to other people on the mic and the only thing I cared about was winning and getting better. Once I got even a little better I would tell people what to do in a horrible way and expect them to listen and even thank me for the insults I threw at them.
I learned from all of that and improved myself as a person, I got a lot more empathetic, learned how to talk like a heartfelt leader, learned how to socially make fun and talk to people and got much better at critical thinking and problem solving.
But as I look back, I just wonder if there wasn't a better way to go about it, words can't describe the extreme lows Dota can put you in. Dota shaped me as a person and helped me a lot, but for everything it helped me with, it equally took away a lot as well.
No matter how much I love this game, I could never recommend this to someone I don't know very well and that I KNOW could handle this game normally. This game has the potential to take so much from you. Play it at your own discretion and make sure you know what you are getting yourself into.
Posted: April 30, 2022
This isn't a free game.
Each match costs you a bit of your sanity until you have nothing left!
Posted: April 19, 2020
community is very rude to new players and report you just for not doing well. game can be fun but the community completely ruins the experience.
Posted: July 21, 2018
Nice game, bad community.
Posted: May 27, 2017
You either quit while you are the feeder or play long enough to see yourself become toxic.
Posted: December 30, 2019
Good way to waste you life
Posted: October 8, 2014
It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
Posted: February 3, 2014
In this game you can:
1- Murderer trees
2- Kill an ancient creature chilling in his cave without mercy and and steal his cheese
3- Learn at least 9 different languages in every single match
4- Kill others players for no apparent reason
5- Can develop erectile dysfunction due to extended seated hours
Posted: February 18, 2018
Skipped classes thanks to Dota.
Learned to gamble thanks to Dota.
Learned to swear in 12 different languages thanks to Dota.
Became racist thanks to Dota.
All in all, Ruin your life simulator. 10/10 would recommend if you are trying to kill yourself.
Cancer can be cured,
Dota community can't be.
Posted: December 19, 2017
If you are worried your children are doing drugs, show them this game. They will be too busy fulfilling their innermost masochistic desires while hopelessly right clicking that they will not have the time for drugs or friends or anything else really.
Posted: September 16, 2021
life has been ruined
Posted: March 3, 2020
ruined my life, but if I could do it all over again I wouldn't change a thing.
Posted: December 14, 2021
For your own mental and physical health, stay away from this game. Go outside, make friends, get laid and enjoy life.
Posted: January 14
Don't waste your life
Posted: September 22, 2011
good game
Posted: November 14, 2023
This is my final game, that's all.
Posted: June 23, 2018
When it came to dota, I played hard to climb up to the ancient rank
With that achievement I've changed, I became toxic and unbearable
Don't be like me, play it for fun and not for competitive reasons
Posted: January 19, 2019
took me 1,300 hours to realize i dont like this game
Posted: November 24, 2019
The heroes are a joke.
The patches are a joke.
This game is a joke,
but hey after putting in 3000 hours into this,
my life is a joke.
10/10 would recommend if you hate yourself and like to cry yourself to sleep
Posted: September 15, 2021
There is a lot to be said about Dota 2. The most important thing you should know:
The game is wonderful and very kind to beginners ... While they are in the menu.
The community is not only positive, but also possesses the skills of telepathy. They will say many things about your relatives which you never even imagined to be true but they are the smart bunch you should listen or you will not get very far in this game.
Also, one of the advantages is that many doctors, physicians play Dota 2 and they can diagnose your mental and physical abilities without any problems.
It is thanks to Dota 2 that you can finally find your long-lost father or find out that your mother loved spending time with many wonderful men from this game behind you back)
If you want to play Dota with a friend, it is better that you are physically stronger than him, because after a couple of dozen matches you will want to beat the ♥♥♥♥ out of him
If your team won, it is only thanks to your divine skill.
If you lost, then only because the team of stupid clowns, you carried the game as best you could.
In Dota, the most important thing is to find a scapegoat only to justify that you were playing "allegedly good" but others are the scum but you only you are the "pro" you are the carry you are the best you lose only because gaben sends secret agents to ruin your game if not gaben you've would have had 7k mmr
Be sure to remember how the support stole one last hit from you, or how you were left alone without a farm. As a mid-lane, staying afk for 15 minutes and no ss or gang while the enemies humiliated your team. In cases of complaints against you, this will help to bring a counter-argument in your favor. IT is better for them to find a scapegoat from the very beginning and start slowly presenting him for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that he allegedly ruined.
Although i advice you not to tilt or blame someone even if they are bad or ruining the game because you will be the one who will get all the reports in this game no one likes smartasses
Don't try to play Dota for fun, it's almost impossible. After a certain number of games, even victories will not please you.
Only balanced gameplay no more 6 hours a day will help you not to get raged always make breaks from this game as long as you need
Don't try to eliminate dota entirely from your life that will crush you
make friends with it and play how you desire not how gaben imagined it for you
Dota matchmaking is made strictly to maintain balance so if you had interest for high rating absent skill forget it
Don't count numbers play for yourself valv always gonna find way to ♥♥♥♥ you
Posted: January 3, 2021
The best game in the galaxy, BUT you also have to play it with the worst species in the galaxy.
Posted: September 28, 2021
Product received for free
I hate this game
Posted: January 17, 2017
SEA SALT
Posted: May 19, 2023
Before I played Dota 2, I had no friends, no girlfriend, depression, and absolutely no life.
These things haven't changed much, but the game is pretty good and from it I've become fluent in 6 different languages.
Posted: November 21, 2018
Ruined my life
Posted: March 6, 2022
Product received for free
it's such a tragedy wasting your youth defending an ancient over and over again.
for everyone out there reading this comment, you can save hundreds even thousands hours of your time, you can save your youth , go find new things in life , enjoy the fresh air , PLAY ANOTHER GAME , find new friends or even get a girl friend; because after like 200-300 hours of this game you become addicted and it gives you the actual dopamine you need to waste your day. nothing gives you pleasure but achieving 30 mmr which can be easily taken down by one person in your team.
this game can get you thrilled like if you are fighting for your own life in a real battle.but there is no light without darkness,
it can also make you angry as if you wanna seek revenge for someone, and the latter happens even more than former.
with all being said , in my opinion , if becoming an E-sport player is not your main goal of playing this game , you're gonna achieve anything but regret and depression.
as a 4k trash player and having like +10k hours playing this game, i have finally decided to abandon this game forever.
i had such a great time playing with my friends over this 10 years, even with some people i have more hours playing than meeting them in real life :), i will never forget the amazing team fights and strategies we made at the games we had.
Dota 2 and its community will always remain in my heart and i had my best life moments at this game.
(my tears are falling while i'm writing these words )
recently i reached the age of 24 and i realized that i'm a loser and its time to give up on this dream and say goodbye to dota 2. but i never wanted to leave here without any words being said.
thanks for reading this comment , i wish all of you guys reach top LeaderBoards and become e-sport tier 1 players.
Gg Wp , Watsonlee.
Posted: May 29, 2017
So many diffrent heroes and diffrent builds that you can do compared to all the other Moba's in the market. If your looking for a moba to really stick your teeth into and learn lots this is it. 9/10
Posted: January 18
I will send boob pic foreveryone who likes this XD (NO KAP VIEW PROFILE)
Posted: January 10, 2022
Product received for free
Pros:
-Learn how to deal with children
-Get so stressed from playing game that you have no energy to be mad at anything irl
-Gain the ability to time travel. Suddenly you look back and years have gone by.
-Can make money by boosting if you are good enough.
-The community is like a teacher. The teacher is Agatha Trunchbull.
Cons:
-You are playing Dota 2.
Posted: April 3, 2014
Dota 2, where do I start. This game has ruined my social life, I spend every day on this game, training, waiting, and drinking through my mountain dew, to one day become the greatest.
My father said to me, "Son, you will never be dondo."
I said to my father, "Dad, I mid, or I feed."
My dad dropped to the ground in tears, screaming at the all mighty gabe newell, begging for his son back, but it was too late, I was already back on dota, at mid, blaming my team for sucking
This game is why I wake up, Why I masturbate, why I decide that masturbating while playing is a good idea. Thank you for such an amazing game, without this game I would have nothing to get mad at when I am rock solid.
Posted: May 23, 2022
it is bad for your life
Posted: May 6, 2020
Play it if you hate yourself.
Posted: June 21, 2017
Great Russian language simulator.
Posted: October 26, 2021
great game, dont start playing it
Posted: May 9, 2022
all you get is mental damage
Posted: January 14, 2021
Trying to learn this game takes a while and having people constantly insult you while you're stumbling through trying to learn just makes it all not worth it. Fun to watch, though.
Posted: June 28, 2021
I've learned how to abuse people in Russian thanks to this game.
Posted: October 16, 2023
It is a suitable alternative to methamphetamine and other psychoactive substances.
.این یک جایگزین مناسب برای شیشه و سایر مواد روانگردان است
Posted: June 29, 2019
This game is as bad as it is addictive. You will be angry at your teammates, you will be angry at yourself, you will rage quit every once in a while, you will say something like "it's time to delete this game and never play it again" but you will come back sooner or later.. Just to rage quit and delete it again in a couple of months.. and then install it again... Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is?
Posted: June 3, 2021
No denying this GAME IS BEAUTIFUL and the Veteran community is very UNDERSTANDING. I had achieved what People find very hard to do in their Lives. I had quit Dota for over 2 years. It was a MISTAKE RETURNING to the game. But here I was, teaching a friend.
It really felt like DOTA had become a very player friendly in the past 2 years. It took a day or two to get back to normal DOTA playing habit. I was playing UNRANKED and It felt good, I was on a roll. Playing tens of games a day. Slowly realising it's pulling me back.
And then all of a sudden I had an urge to press the RANKED button which had a new Roles option. I played my first ranked game as a Shadow Demon (A support), won my lane and surprisingly had a narrow win. My team did not know how my hero or the items worked. The feeling was different.
At first I just thought these people in my team are just miserable turd burglars but No I was wrong. They made what would be a simple game to an absolute sh%#hole of a game to be in.
If I say that the next few games had given me the trashiest people in the entire universe, it would be an understatement. I HAD NEVER FELT WORSE.
First, they cannot be reasoned with. Secondly, the amount of flame, rage and incessant ramblings I discovered in these games was overwhelmingly DEMEANING. People flaming to the point you have NO CHOICE BUT TO ABANDON.
I stopped my RANKED venture and went for a NORMAL one and boy did it kept getting worse.
I'll tell you guys it's EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to enrage me, but here I was getting angry at these creatures, Raising my voice to my newbie Friend who had now loved the game but eventually agreed It was time for us to stop. In just a couple of days I went from being a perfectly reasonable, calm & friendly personality who would encourage people if they are playing bad to being an absolutely miserable person with anger issues screaming and yelling etc.
2 days Ago I uninstalled the game. I still don't know why I have these mixed thoughts. I have spent a decent amount of time to understand how the game mechanics works and quite honestly would like to summarize that I have wasted an important part my childhood, jeopardised my mental health on several occasions, had a fight with my father over this stupid game and overall took a giant dump on my Life and guess what I still love this game.
I wouldn't wish this on anyone and would sincerely recommend every player to take care of themselves, Don't waste too much time on this game. If you win or lose doesn't matter, take a break, go out for a walk. Call your family & friends. Confirm that you aren't that same miserable person from that game that stupid game you play.
The community has somewhat grown up from 2014. My rank opening game. A bloodseeker screaming on his mic and typing a rant every 2 seconds for 45 minutes flaming his teamates. I still remember how shi%%y it felt to this day. It was not worth it back then, Its not worth it now.
And to any person coming here...
DOTA IS FREE, BUT NOTHING IN LIFE IS FREE .

Posted: June 22, 2017
Great Game! Been playing it since 2015 and still one of my favourite game of all time!
Posted: September 8, 2021
If you're not racist you will be after playing DOTA2.
Posted: January 19
I have 47 chromosomes, 23 from mother, 23 from father and 1 from dota 2. Thanks Dota!
Posted: July 4, 2022
for the sake of god stay away from this game trust me its for your own health
Posted: November 24, 2016
Best game ever!
Posted: November 25, 2013
THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET. LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHERS
GET THIS FREE AS HECK GAME
Posted: May 16, 2018
God bless anyone that dares to enter in this cesspool of toxicity
Posted: November 22, 2022
3.5k hours played
Made friends, lost friends and made enemies
Spent countless amounts of money
Stomped alot of noobs and got stomped
Hated the game, loved the game
DOTA 2.
Posted: December 25, 2021
Product received for free
I found my lane partner here when Covid just started.
And now he is still here with me, we still play together daily.
Win together, lose together.
I am grateful for the existence of this game.
_________________
Update:
My lane partner is going to get married in June this year.
He said he may not be able to play daily anymore after that.
I know this day will come but I am not prepared to deal with it yet. :(
Update 2:
We still play. We still suck.
Posted: March 3, 2023
I've played this game for years nonstop. Over 8k hours logged (not even joking). And I'm gonna tell you: at this point, the game's just not worth playing anymore. I think it hasn't been worth playing for a year or two now, but I'm only just starting to realize it. It breaks my heart to say that, but that's just the truth of the matter.
=====
The Good
=====
Dota 2 is a wonderfully complex and intricate strategy game, with mechanics that are honestly rather simple, but require a steep learning curve to even begin to master. The graphics are solid. The voice acting of the characters is thoroughly enjoyable. The capacity to play this game any way you please, so long as you win, is one of the most exciting and fulfilling aspects of it. What's more, the fact that it's 100% free--so long as you don't feel a deep, unyielding need for cosmetics--makes it almost the perfect game.
Almost.
=====
The Bad
=====
Matchmaking is an absolute dumpster fire. In my over 8,000 hours of playing the game, I have not even ONCE griefed my team or intentionally fed. Team play and integrity is that important to me. Yet, be that as it may, I routinely now get matched up with griefers. People who throw a tantrum and start intentionally dying to give the enemy team free gold and experience. Or buy up all the wards and place them around fountain / in the middle of trees, where they give no vision. Or just AFK jungle and hoard as many neutral items as they can. Or even just hide in the trees to soak experience so that they don't get an abandon, but otherwise contribute nothing. This occurs in both unranked matchmaking AND ranked matchmaking. Every single day. Years ago, this would ALMOST NEVER happen in ranked games, and only SOMETIMES happened in unranked games. Now it's absolutely rampant.
To make matters worse, ever since Valve implemented a "buddy" score--that is, an internal rating to judge who would be friendly to new players so that they had a better experience--the vast majority of my games have me teamed up with people vastly below my skill level. By its very nature, Dota 2 is a competitive game. For me, the attraction was the ability to test myself and push myself harder, so that I might face better and better opponents until I felt challenged and fulfilled. Years ago, I had that. Recently, however--that is, the past two to three years--my experience in that regard has been a massive pile of flaming hot garbage. Fewer than 10% of the games I play feel genuinely challenging. The remaining 90% or so of the games I play are just steamrolls because the people on my team or the other team are just so bad, comparatively.
Until Valve implements some sort of actual controls on the matchmaking for competitive play, I can't recommend this game in any sort of good conscience. It advertises itself as a highly-competitive team game, yet it's clear to me that their matchmaking system does sweet FA to actually implement that experience. I once loved this game, and thoroughly enjoyed the competitive atmosphere it had. Now, it just pisses me off.
If you're just looking to goof around, then this is the game for you. However, if you're looking for an actual competitive experience? Look elsewhere. Somewhere along the line, this game's system for evaluating skill levels and pairing people up accordingly fell apart, and the developers either don't realize it, or don't care.
EDIT: Apparently, a lot of pros on the scene agree with this assessment. I didn't even realize it until doing some searching after this review, but according to syndereN, the amount of griefing in public matches is "the worst [it's] ever been in 15 years, and it's not even close".
https://dotesports.com/dota-2/news/synderen-dota-pubs-worst-theyve-been-in-15-years
