Posted: September 29, 2021
My entire colony was saved by a tortoise.
This won't be a review like the ones I normally do, going over the pros and cons. Rimworld's a story generator, so I thought I'd share my story. I bought rimworld around two weeks prior to writing this, and set up a small colony. The first animal my colonists tamed was a 212 year old tortoise, who I named "Old Timer." We set up a small farm, and once we found a female tortoise (who I named "Henrietta Peach"), they had kids. And their kids had kids. Soon enough, I had too many tortoises than I knew what to do with, so i tried selling them, and the nearby colonists loved them. But things took a darker turn.
Around 5 days after buying rimworld, my IRL dog, of 15 years, passed. It was sad, but what hit extra hard was old timer's death only a few hours later. Both were blind, both had bad backs - it hurt, and I cried. I dug a big tomb in a mountain for old timer, and laid him to rest in it. But this is not where his story ends.
A few ingame hours later, I got a quest with a ressurection serum as a reward. In that moment, I knew what I had to do, as the end goal of my playthrough.
I couldn't save my dog from old age, but I sure as could save this turtle. Old timer was going to space.
After quickly gunning down some tribals and getting the serum, I needed a way to keep old timer from dying all over again while I aquired the supplies for the ship. Luckily, an ancient ruin was on my map, and after an intense fight with some killer robots, I safely placed him in a stasis chamber the robots were guarding.
Not much happened relating to him. Henrietta died of old age herself, and over the four or so years it took me to complete the ship, old timer's children numbered over 500. i made regular trips to the nearby towns to trade tortoises for the ship's supplies, like plasteel and uranium, and at long last, I placed old timer in the now-finished ship and turned the reactor on.
When you power on the escape reactor, rimworld basically becomes a sort of wave defense game, with a new posse of enemies coming every day for 15 days or so while the reactor charged. This wasn't a big deal - I had troops in power armor with miniguns, and we made it to the end of the 15 days without any deaths. Right as the reactor was at full power, and I told my colonists to enter the ship, things took a dramatic turn. A solar flare knocked out all my defences, leaving me without any kind of fire support. I hurredly got my colonists in the ship, but right as the last one was making his way across the fields to get to it...
Pirates airdropped into my base. I was screwed.
I was about to launch without him, when salvation came in a way I hadn't expected: A tortoise (number 493, to be precise) didn't take too kindly to someone coming out of the sky and attempting to shoot his keepers, and bit a pirate enforcer on the leg. This caused the pirate to hit him with his club, and after that the OTHER pirates started shooting the hundred or so turtles in the base, who promptly attacked back. And, in the ensuing chaos, my last colonist boarded the ship and we escaped.
Old timer, a blind, crippled, undead tortoise repaid me for saving his life - by birthing countless decendants to not only fund my escape, but who also protected me in my darkest hour of need. This game is a gift, and I cannot reccommend it enough. Even if you reload saves to keep the story going how you want, it's still a story worth telling.
10/10: The first game to make me cry.

Posted: October 7, 2022
I can stop whenever i want
Posted: March 12
After about 5,000 hours played I started to feel like the game was getting a little stale. That's about 1/2 a penny per hour of enjoyment. I would say Rimworld has been the most "value" purchase I've made in my entire life.
Posted: January 5, 2022
My wife doesn't like or play video games. She loves Rimworld. I've never seen her touch anything else. When "we" play, I set up the base, make sure the power stays on and the healroot is harvested. The mother of my children, the light of my life, sits next to me and plays the game by suggesting things like "The colony could make far more silver if we were to simply imprison raiders, remove organs, skin, butcher and consume their flesh." I thought I knew everything about this lady. Damn. We've spent all 1,176 hours in this game together.
Posted: June 10, 2021
Full underground base, chemfuel stored in a granite room with no cables in the walls so I figured it was safe, a Zzzt event set a colonist on fire who fled into the chemfuel stockpile, the stockpile exploded destroying the wall between it and the hallway.
The initial explosion was fairly well contained but the heat from the fire raised the temperature in the communal hall to several hundred degrees in about 15 seconds then all the furniture caught fire as well. there was nowhere for the heat to go and relatively little space to heat up so it turned the whole place into a furnace, even the coolers caught fire, then the food caught fire. The communal hall included all the hallways that went throughout my base (ironically to make temperature control easier) so there was no way to get out of the base other than to go through the communal hall.
One dumbass died in the initial explosion, three caught fire in the halls before reaching the shelter of the adjacent rooms, those already in those rooms caught fire as they were dying of heatstroke, the communal hall reached over two thousand degrees Celsius.
There were no survivors.

Posted: February 2, 2020
I still get misty when I remember my pet raccoon Willy. Willy had already lost all four legs defending me from prior attacks by bandit raiders. We came under attack again and the raiders made it inside our base and a bandit cornered me in my bedroom, I was finished for sure! Willy wriggled on his belly across the floor and bit the ankle of the bandit who began shooting at Willy, giving me time to charge the bandit and take him down but Willy had been shot!
Willy saved my life, but he was critically injured and dying. We rushed Willy to the medical bay and managed to stabilize him. Not only would Willy live, while in surgery the doctor was able to attach four new wooden peg legs! When Willy was awake and healed he was able to scamper across the potato fields on his new wooden legs, hero and protector of our village!
Posted: January 18, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I felt like I had to share my experiences with RimWorld so far ...
So I had just established my young but promising new colony, Ashton (a quite ironical name in the end ...). The basic needs were all covered, everyone had a nice place to sleep, decent clothing, enough to eat and time to relax. The people of Ashton were prosperous. They lived in harmony with nature and each other. Their wide fields provided them with plenty of food and they sold the surplus to the passing by caravans.
Now and then a few warriors of a near tribe, the Pig Face Men, attacked the settlement, but the people of Ashton were safe, relying on the strength of their automated defence systems. And so the colony grew and I thought: This is it, I finally have a colony which doesn't collapse after a few hours.
As if ...
Remember when I told you about the harmony between the people and with nature? I meant there were no rivalries between the colonists, most were friends and there even was a married couple, Tali and Waltz.
The harmony with nature also seems pretty coherent; the people relied mostly on their crops, eating only those animals which died by natural causes (e.g. old age or other animals), so the animal population in the near forests remained stable. So far so good. But taking those dead animals in meant of course someone had to leave the safe area of Ashton and wander through the wilds. Normally that wouldn't have been a problem, everyone was equipped with guns and armor of the Pig Face Men so they were quite ready to take on anything coming in their way.
But then came the tortoise.
Waltz left Ashton to get the still fresh corpse of a chinchilla which had been killed by some other animal. So Waltz has just grabbed it, when a tortoise nearby turned mad. I thought ok, those aren't that fast, Waltz will be able to safely carry the chinchilla inside and the turrets will take care of the tortoise. Nope! I'm not quite sure what exactly happened, maybe this animal was on speed or something like thak. Anyway, when it saw Waltz it charged at him at a horrifying pace. Waltz had just lifted his weapon when this damn creature reached and hurt him badly. However, its hard shell was no match for Waltz' gun. And so he came back home, injured but happy, that now there was even more meat than expected. But the wraith of the tortoise was unforgiving. The bite wounds in his upper body infected themselves. The medical treatment didn't work and he got weaker and weaker. If the infection at least would've been in one of his limbs, that might had saved him, but you can't just amputate someones chest.
At last he couldn't fight any longer, the infection overwhelmed him. Tali, his wife, carved his story in the sides of his sarcophagus. The burial ceremony was heartbreaking. Everyone had come: Tali, his sister Julia, his friends Vas, Jones, Stephan, Boyd and Leia, Vas' tame wolf Nevile and Bacon 1 and Bacon 2. In the light of the evening sun they all waved a last goodbye to their fallen husband, brother and friend, before the people of Ashton went to bed. With Waltz dead or not, they had to cary on.
But apparently it was all too much for Tali, not very surprising if you think about it. There was only this one little problem: She was a pyromaniac. When the rest of the colony slept, she left her big and empty bed. Driven crazy by grief, she did the only thing able to ease her pain. She set the forest on fire. Finally, exhausted almost to unconciousness, she fell back into her bed again.
While she slept, the others, waken by the crackling fire, desperately tried to put out the flames which already started to spread over to the buildings. But they simply weren't enough, they could either try to save the buildings or the forest, not both. Of course they tended to the buildings, to the food storage to be exact. However it gave the fire the chance to spread through the forest, completely sorrounding the settlement.
In the end it was all too much.
Tali died in her own fire that she refused to extinguish, Jones and Boyd followed when they collapsed in the infernal heat. And then, when no hope was left, the gods, the ancestors, the Flying Spaghetti Monster or whatever thi people of Ashton believed in, heard their cries. Rain started falling down, putting out the fire. But it was too late. More than three quarters of the colony had been taken by the flames. Vas, Stephan and Leia were unconcious. Julia was the only one still able to stand. She did what she could, but with all the medicine burned she had no chance. Leia died first, Vas second. This caused his wolf Nevile, who had been laying loyal by his side, to turn mad like the damn tortoise and he ripped the still unconcious Stehpan into pieces before he went on attacking a herd of muffalos (some kind of marshmellow like buffalos) which was his end.
Traumatised Julia, who managed to flee when Stephan was killed, wandered through the burnt ruins of Ashton. Blackened stone walls and pieces of charcoal everywhere. All the food they stored for the winter was gone, the fields empty. With no medicine left and her own wounds hurting worse and worse, Julia found a last smokeleaf joint in one of the destroyed buildings. She leant against her brother's sarcophagus and lit it. So she didn't feel anything when the Pig Face Men attacked. With the solar panels a loss to the flames, the turrets didn't react when Ashton's last inhabitant finally exhaled her last breath.
12 / 10 - Creates more immersive storys than many RPGs; looking forward to my next colony (and possibly its desastrous destruction ...).
Thanks for reading if you made it this far :-)
Posted: August 13, 2023
I had a cool doctor in my colony, but he got old and lost his hearing. I decided to replace his ears with bionic ones, but I didn’t notice that he was a Body Purist who hated artificial body parts.
While he was lying on the operating table and recovering from the surgery, a huge raid happened. The raiders built siege weapons and attacked us with rockets and mortars. I managed to fight them off, but one of my colonists died. It was the doctor’s spouse.
The doctor woke up with pain, grief, and anger. He dug up his spouse’s corpse and brought it to the main hall, where he laid it on a table. This made everyone else unhappy and stressed.
One of my colonists was a cannibal, and he was hungry and wounded from the raid. He saw the corpse on the table and decided to eat it. This triggered a mental breakdown in the doctor, who attacked the cannibal. They started a brawl that soon involved other colonists.
One of my colonists was a pyromaniac, and he was also stressed and angry. He grabbed a flamethrower and started to set everything on fire. The fire spread quickly and engulfed most of the base.
The doctor had an infection from the surgery, and he was bleeding and feverish. He was also the best doctor in the colony, so no one else could treat him properly. He died on the floor, surrounded by flames and blood.
By the time a mysterious stranger in a cloak came to help us (when everyone was downed and helpless), it was too late. Most of the base was burned down, and most of the colonists were dead or dying. The only survivor was the drug addict, who had taken all the drugs in the colony and wandered off to a meadow. He died there peacefully.
Rimworld is a perfect story-generator.
Posted: March 2
Pawn gives birth, it is not a healthy birth, unfortunately the baby passes away.
Another pawn has an extreme mental break which results in them digging up a corpse and wanting to show it to everyone.
Guess which corpse she dug up and who she showed it to.
11/10
Posted: June 3, 2017
If you're thinking of buying this game, stop hesitating and purchase it, immediately.
I started an isolated research facility on a frozen wasteland, as a 74-year-old sociopathic scientist called Geckulon Decktar; I researched robotics to begin with, and constructed some automatons to handle the menial tasks like cleaning, cooking and hauling, etc, leaving me free to conduct my research. All was well- until a band of savages laid siege to my settlement. I barely survived- but resolved to increase my security, installing several auto-turrets around my perimeter. This would keep the ruffians at bay for a time, but I needed a longer term solution- so I turned my focus to bionic enhancements.
I wanted to turn the human form into the ultimate living weapon. When a faction of slavers passed through my frozen wasteland, I did not hesitate to inspect their wares. I wanted a slave, but not just any slave- he should be foreboding, brutal and utterly without mercy! And that was when I found him. His name was Skint Mcgruff. He was a feared crime lord when they captured him, infamous for killing and then devouring the people who wronged him. I paid the slavers their due and took Skint in. I fed him (alas, not the human meat he desired, but nutrient paste, made from potatoes- poor fare, but such is life in the frozen wastes) and I clothed him.
By now I was confident in my ability to improve upon the human form, and so I presented the idea to him the very next day. He was keen- particularly about the notion of having retractable claws- and so the work began. My medical droid handled most of the surgery, but I crafted the bionic components myself. It was a long and grueling process, but eventually, he was complete. More machine now than man, I felt it necessary to rename him... to symbolise his departure from prosaic humanity to something more, and thus I named him C.A.N.N.I.B.A.L (Cybernetic Armoured Neutraliser with Neurally Integrated Bionic Attack Limbs). He is my pride and joy... bionic eyes that can see even in the dark, bionic legs that allow him to sprint faster than a cheetah, and retractable claws with which to tear out the throats of my foes, and of course, I give him leave to feast on their corpses afterward as a reward.
Now, I can finally conduct my research in peace...
Posted: October 7, 2022
2022... hours played clocked on Steam so far.
Seems kind of silly making a review for this game at this point, but I figured I should at least give it a thumbs up.
Posted: October 20, 2022
its so good i bought it after pirating it
Posted: July 18, 2021
Nine cats wandered into my colony and I was happy
The cats ate through my colony's food so quickly that everyone started starving and I was worried
I killed, skinned, and cooked eight of the cats to survive out of desperation and I was sad
The one cat I kept started eating the cat meat on the floor and I was mortified
One of my colonists got too stressed and started smashing stuff, causing a fire that killed the final cat and I was angry
I stripped the colonist naked and banished him to the forest as punishment where he was captured by slave traders and I felt nothing
This game is truly an emotional rollercoaster
Posted: November 16, 2016
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Let's say you capture a prisoner after a bloody raid on your colony. Do you want to:
1. Let them go in the hopes of improving relations with the attackers? YOU CAN DO THAT.
2. Heal them and have colonists talk to them about how great your colony is until they join? YOU CAN DO THAT.
3. Have a colonist with a high medical skill remove their liver to transplant into an alcoholic colonist? YOU CAN DO THAT.
4. Have a colonist with a low medical skill remove their organs just for practice? YOU CAN DO THAT.
5. Eat them because you forgot to stock up on food for the winter? YOU CAN DO THAT.
Really, what else do you need in a game?
Posted: December 14, 2023
> Be me, playing Rimworld first time
> Mountain colony in the arctic circle. It's cold up here so there are few raiders. Colony is too small for robots to care either, so not much combat going on.
> Conditions are cramped, but homey. Build a posh rec room with a piano and a pool table.
> One day, A couple of snow hares wander in. They instantly self-tame and join the colony. About to slaughter them for meat, but my IRL girlfriend, looking over my shoulder, stops me.
>>Oh my god TehFishey!
>>Look at the cute bunbuns! THEY'RE ADORABLE!
> Understanding my new assignment, I kick off a large-scale restructuring of my colony's ideology.
> Snow Hares are now sacred animals. They are to be protected at all costs, fed gourmet meals, and given free reign over the entire colony.
> The two Snow Hares are dubbed BunBun the Great and FluffBun the Wise. They quickly have a litter of 3 more, named NewBun, LeedlBun, and SmolBun. Make sure that they are sterilized after that - gods should not need to share in their wealth.
> Life with the Buns is happy, and the colony is prospering. Become a big exporter of drugs. Spend income on weapons and gold for expanding the BunBun temple room.
> Everything changed when the pirates attacked.
> The colony's new wealth attracts a massive sapper raid, dropping in at all corners of the map, holding assault rifles, rocket launchers...
> Massive battle in the courtyard. Many attackers die to booby trapped approaches. Firefights scattered all over.
> One guy shoots off a doomsday rocket that obliterates two of the colony's founders. Everything's on fire. Colonists snipe the other rocket-toting raiders quickly. Medics try to get to injured people before they bleed out.
> Meanwhile, another sapper team breaks into the colony through a back wall. They decide to throw grenades into the barn pens. Surviving chickens and cows run everywhere. Demented pyromaniac octogenarian colonist goes crazy and lights even more stuff on fire.
> Finally, the battle outside is won. Raiders decide to take what they can and run. One grabs the solid marble pool table and starts sprinting. Another nabs for the TV. A third goes for the piano, but suddenly stops.
> SmolBun, care free, had wandered into the room that the raiders were looting. The third raider takes his machine pistol and shoots. SmolBun dies instantly.
> That raider was named Tucker Franzen. He had murdered SmolBun, still a baby, in cold blood... for the crime of being curious about the new friends who had entered her home.
...
> Entire defense force drops everything and makes a bee line for that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Tucker Franzen. Colonists are left to bleed out. Enemies are left to flee. They do not catch Tucker Franzen, but they DO nab his unfortunate friend, Pugsly Rego, still carrying the pool table.
> The colony's ideology is reformed once more. Sadism becomes trendy. Harvesting organs from prisoners is now celebrated. Killing prisoners is now a spectator sport. Raiding other settlements is encouraged.
> After about 3 days of restitution, what's left of Pugsly Rego crawls out of the colony, naked and "free", into a -60c snowstorm. He does not get far.
...
> What follows is a brutal, years-long war of annihilation waged against the pirates that had attacked that day. Eventually, war is declared on the rest of the planet as well. BunBun's gourmet meals are now made with the flesh of his enemies (alongside carrots and eggplant).
> Through serendipitous luck, colonial purification squads eventually find Tucker Franzen on the far side of the planet. Perhaps he was hiding. Great pains are taken to ensure that he is brought back alive.
> Look up some more mods to install. (Rimworld's community has mods for every occasion.) Settle on "War Crimes Expanded 2" and "Bondage Bed Torture".
...
> Since that first fateful day, the colony had changed. New constructions are everywhere: slave work camps, layers of automated security systems, ammunition storage depots, drop pod launch sites...
> Most impressive, though, is a small, solid gold building near the center of town. Inside is a single golden sarcophagus, wherein rests SmolBun, never to grow big.
> Directly behind the tomb is a dark brick building -- the new home of a VERY unhappy man named Tucker Franzen. Equipped with an eternal youth implant and many other fascinating devices, he would remain unhappy for a very, very long time to come.
About two weeks later, irl girlfriend asks about what happened with the cute bunny game. I told her. She didn't understand.
10/10 would spill blood for the bunny gods again
Posted: December 19, 2022
This is the kind of game you sit down to at like nine o'clock, and the next time you blink, the sun will be rising.
Posted: March 4, 2022
It's like having a little ant farm, but all the ants are committing war crimes.
Posted: September 18, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I've played RimWorld for easily over 1000 hours aside from the 160+ hours on record for my account, I really should have reviewed it sooner since I've played it so long, but I never got around to it, so this'll include my experience in the game, what's good and bad, and everything you'd likely need to know before getting it.
To jump to my conclusion: This game is fantastic if you like build a colony from the ground up, it's very interactive and you'll always have something to do, be it planning a new room for your base, building up defenses, creating a more reliable food source or even raiding enemy factions. At first it's very daunting as there is a lot to get used to, but each new discovery comes with a new way to experience the game, your story is always your own and it'll never be the same as before, lending this game to nigh-infinite replayability, and that's not even considering mods which are abundant, relatively easy to make yourself and very active. The developers constantly revise and improve aspects of the game improving it more and more as time passes, even your own ideas may be implemented if they're good additions to the game. The community is one of the best I've seen, where people joke around, share their playthroughs and wacky happenings whilst generally having a good time. I recommend this game if you like strategy, tackling positive/negative turn of events, planning things, and sandbox style survival games. If you're still on the fence for buying the game, watch a 'lets play' video and see madness that can occur, check out all the mods that are available and imagine the possibilities, it really is a great game.
Art 8/10: The art style is quite minimalistic, at first it may be a turn-off but the style works well with the gameplay, with the attention you need to pay to so many things on screen it's good that the textures aren't complex, as it'd strain your eyes, whereas this style is soft on the eyes and doesn't impede the gameplay, things represent what they're meant to be, and it's surprisingly easy to get immersed into the game with the simplistic graphics.
Story 10/10: This game is both heart breaking and hilarious, there is no set story, so things can go in any direction, you could have a trader caravan arrive to sell items just as a raid occurs, causing a massively shoot out between two major groups just outside your base, after which you can mop up all their valuables and turn their corpses into meals and skin, maybe for that human leather hat you've always wanted. Perhaps you start brewing beer only to have one of your pets drink some and get addicted to alcohol. Story is incredibly well done in this game, and with how fun it can be I'm surprised lots of other games don't use the same style.
Sound 6/10: The sound is basic like the art, the sounds work for their intended purposes, there's nothing spectacular to talk about nor is there anything unique, the sound it has is right, but it's not something the game is well known for and isn't made to contribute a lot to the game.
Gameplay 8/10: There are different types of games so I'll elaborate, for the style of game this is (a sci-fi colony sim) I'd say the gameplay is near perfect, and it can be perfected to a player's liking with mods, a lot of features from popular mods are incorporated into the game over time so the base game's gameplay will get even better over time. Things are placed using the UI at the bottom of the screen, and your colonists with build them if they have the resources, they can get the resources from your setting up of work orders (like cutting down trees, mining rocks, butchering animals, harvesting plants and various other ways). It's almost like you're the architect of a colony, telling them what needs to be done and when it needs to be done, it's quite nice as luck is a big factor, but foresight allows you to somewhat control your luck, and mitigate disaster, there's little that's more satisfying than diverting misfortune with a well thought out plan.
Mods 9/10: Mods are very good for this game, some change the game entirely (like changing the space-cowboy style theme to that of Lord of the Rings, Medieval, WW2 era and many others), whilst others change / add to the games features and tools, allowing for you to adjust anything you don't like into something you do like, and the modding community is quite active, if there's a good idea for a mod then it's likely already made, If you choose to buy it then I recommend trying the base game without mods first, as whilst they add a lot to the game, they also take away from the main theme, playing it without mods will help you understand the fundamentals a lot quicker.
Overall 9/10: The features individually would make the game an 8.2/10, but how they come together makes it a 9/10 for me, since RimWorld is the best game of it's type, I've looked long and hard for other games like it, and Prison Architect is the only game similar, but to me it doesn't have the random glory that RimWorld has. RimWorld is certainly worth £30, hell it's worth £50+ to me since I've got so much entertainment out of it, other games you may play for 200, maybe 300 hours, but this is one of those games which you can sink months into, and games like that are worth buying.
Thanks for reading my review if you did, I don't often write reviews but this game is just so good that I can't help but share my opinion.
Posted: August 5, 2019
I've been playing this game for the first time and I want to share the story of how I realized it's kind of amazing.
The last of my three original colonists, a female trader named Onesan, died nine years after founding the colony. The story of her life on the planet is what amazed me and it convinced me this game is something special. It actually made me a little emotional. None of what I'm going to say is fake, this all happened.
Onesan arrived on the planet with her sister Min, a 16 year old K pop star, and her best friend August, a miner. Min died early on from injuries she took during a caravan ambush. Barely a year after that, August bled to death from injuries she received during a very bad pirate raid on the colony. Onesan broke down often in the early years.
By year three the only person Onesan knew well in the colony was her husband, Steel. Onesan and Steel had gone through a very rocky courtship. It took two years of awkward back and forth flirting before Steel finally won her over. But after three years of marriage, Steel was seduced by another colonist, and Onesan separated from him. Despite Steel's cheating she never broke down again. She couldn't afford to. She was the colony's lead trader and negotiator. Onesan was always busy, constantly on the road between her colony and the friendly one nearby. During the periods when she wasn't on the road, she tailored clothes for the rest of the colony. Steel stayed on his side of the colony, working on armor and weapons.
For years they rarely ran into each other despite the relatively small size of the colony. Eventually, the relationship with the neighboring colonies changed, and the trade deals began to dry up. After her final return trip, Onesan was suddenly very eager to be with her estranged husband again. It seemed like all the time and distance apart helped her to forgive him. In a strange cosmic coincidence, Steel had broken up with the other colonist while Onesan had been away on her last trip. They got back together, and for one more year they enjoyed each other more than they ever had before.
On the day she died, Onesan was hunting near the edge of the map, far away from the colony. A large pack of manhunting arctic wolves entered the map almost on top of her. Onesan was ripped to shreds and bled to death before Steel and everyone else had even left the safety of the walls.
As the final member of the original colonists and the colony's informal leader, Onesan deserved the best possible funeral. A catacomb was excavated for her deep inside the nearby mountain, and a solid silver sarcophagus was placed inside for her to rest in. Steel constructed the sarcophagus for his wife personally. It was excellent quality.
He titled the sarcophagus Shadow of Onesan. The description reads:
"The sarcophagus is engraved with a picture of Ryoko 'Onesan' Minase practicing construction skills with visible exhaustion. Hundreds of cowboys watch with amazement. The work seems to represent suffering. The lower part of the image is dominated by a large group of shamans. This representation tells the story of Onesan becoming a master at construction tasks on 5th of Septober, 5509."
You can see a screenshot I took of it here. https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/781857270461047007/2BD4EB8FCD3C4627D00A25CDB42AC71B4F179355/
I'm not sure why, but Onesan's death did not make Steel upset. I know she was important to him, though. He would leave his work at the machining bench all the time to visit her sarcophagus. He'd always be there for a long time, staring down at it. I've been paying closer attention to him since Onesan died, and as far as I can tell he hasn't flirted with any of the other colonists since her death.
Eventually I decided that Steel was going to focus on leading Onesan's people off the planet. Now he sits at the research bench every day, slowly unlocking the path to the stars.
I like to imagine that someday when the ship is ready he will send her people off, but instead of going with them he will stay behind on the planet to be with her.
Posted: September 2, 2023
you'll get at least a couple hours out of it
Posted: July 23, 2022
first time playing rimworld, finished tutorial
start a new colony, find a male rat and name him Ratatouille
not even a few in-game days later, get attacked by a raider
Ratatouille ends up being the first to attack the raider
raider kills Ratatouille, but not before my loyal pet rat could get a few good scratches/bites in
not even 10 seconds after raider kills Ratatouille, the raider passes out from blood loss (and later dies) just from the sheer amount of rat bites/scratches
Ratatouille risked his life to save my tiny little colony that was just starting out. When you play this game, make sure to get yourself a real one like Ratatouille.
R.I.P Ratatouille, loyal to the end
Posted: May 23, 2022
Toni crashed on my piece of land. He was wounded and had no left foot. I took good care of him, gave him food, shelter and the right dose of medicine. He joined my colony voluntarily. We had a good laugh and he got married with Kelly.
All went well and good until the pirates started attacking right when I send half my colony to search through an ancient tome.
Toni was unlucky and got knocked down by the brute power of the pirates. After struggling to defend the right of my colonists, the pirates retreated with Toni as their loot.
Kelly was heartbroken and suffered many mental breaks.
Three years later, the same pirates started attacking once again and guess who joined their squad?... Yes, it was Toni.
A big fight was going on different locations and then Toni got face to face with Kelly. Toni didn't hesitate and shot the poor Kelly down. Took her with him and fled the field of combat.
I have never heard of them again, but I hope they might be on some safe place, enjoying peace with each other on this cruel planet.
Posted: December 24, 2022
I've wasted my life so well
Posted: June 2, 2021
Don't get into modding.
You won't come back.
Posted: July 10, 2023
Our small colony was flourishing until Bacon joined. See... nobody was allowed in the kitchen except Umami and Cookie, they had things under wraps but Bacon, Pigskin Rancher by trade, joined right as our colony was descended upon by 47 man eating Persian Cats and we must have forgotten to tell him the rules. He snuck in one morning with the well-meaning intention of making the other colonists breakfast as a thanks for saving his life. It was a sweet gesture, nobody though anything of it, until it came to light that Bacon, despite their name, had no idea how to cook.
What appeared to be some innocent, and well intentioned pancakes began the downwards spiral to our demise. Stricken with debilitating food poisoning we were caught out of position by an invasion, bugs swarming, teeming up from under our feet, right in the middle of our cursed dining room. Before we could react they'd bored through three sets of walls to our nursery... the kids didn't stand a chance. Only 2 year old Melons survived and only just barely.
We thought that was the extent of our misfortunes, but delirious with food poisoning still, exhausted, and wracked with grief one of the despondent mothers snapped, attempting to take a knife to Melons neck. Umami, a frail old man, attempted to intervene but her rage was his end, and it was his head she claimed in the end. Umami, a friend of everybody, had been a pillar of the colony since day one, he'd fallen from the stars and survived the other founders, he'd been a face everybody had known, everybody turned to, the gentle, elderly leader of our colony since anybody could remember. And now he was dead.
You could say that hope died with Umami. With the kindly old elder slain, with our future generation culled before they even understood the world, and with one of the sacred matrons rotting in prison it was a slow, heart rending spiral. The wise left, the determined stayed to be bent and broken attempting to carry the colony, and so when the raiders from the north arrived you could argue that we were already dead. Our individual hearts were pumping blood through our individual bodies, but the heart of the colony had stopped long before.
Welcome to the Rim. Good luck.
Posted: March 8, 2023
been playing this for 4 relationships. Its a decent game or whatever
Posted: January 15, 2023
Don't like the game? There's a mod for that.
Posted: June 9, 2023
Without mods? Excellent fun game.
With mods? Say goodbye to your life.
Posted: December 29, 2019
i have 52 cats. every winter, we run out of food, and my colonists starve. the cats eat their bodies and last long enough until the next summer. if we are lucky a raid of many tribal men will arrive and the cats will have food for months. the cats have kittens, and then we have more cats and need more food. i do not think we will leave this planet
homer, the original pet of the colony has been made fully bionic and will now never die. he is our true leader
Posted: November 6, 2017
Heavily recommended game! And the following play-through should make you either highly appalled or very interested:
- Started off with a monkey as a pet. Named her "Butters", but later on my pet monkey took a liking to another guy named Bones. It made me a tiny bit sad.
- Built a nice settlement, made the entire surroundings and buildings out of the easiest findable supply around: wood.
- Ended up with 5 villagers after having successfully defended our 'village' a couple of times and converted 2 of the pirate prisoners to join our cause. They eventually did.
(I'm skipping the story about the micromanagement and supply hoarding business - you'll learn about this on the spot yourself.)
- I thought I had things going smoothly. Perhaps a bit too flawless. Characters got along well and two of them actually married eachother early on. It was a joyful moment for Bones and Greta. Bones had a dislike for clothes, so he was always running around naked which was not appreciated by some. But apparently he had a passion for farming and was well endowed. Greta took the earliest opportunity and showed him some loving. Greta was listed as a lazy and weapon hating person, but not too lazy to chase down some 'bone'. Good for her.
- My self created character, named Adante, was a tireless fat miner and the other two people named Dorothy and Hunter were your average run of the mill converted prisoners from earlier battles. Dorothy could cook up some decent meals and Hunter, well, as the name implies, he was hunting down the animals for the food to make nice meals mixed up with the harvested crops from our farms. Luxurious and plentiful meals of variety. Even salt was added for flavour.
But then an event changed the atmosphere quite rapidly:
- A nasty cobra snuck into the settlement and had its fangs set on Butters, the pet Monkey, and I did not notice as I was looking to mine some shizzle.
- They battled eachother like no tomorrow and the fight lasted quite long because by the time I had actually noticed, the pet monkey had all her limbs bitten off by the snake and was crying for help while still being pounded by the Cobra.
- The sound of the monkey cries... it still traumatizes me to this day.
- Bones probably noticed long before I did, but hey, he loves being naked and probably didn't want to risk being bitten in dangling places so did nothing to help out.
- Hunter, however, eventually shot & killed the cobra before it could put a killing blow on the poor limbless cryin' monkey.
- Butters was then picked up by Hunters, carried and put in Bones' room to keep him comfortable with some painkillers while we figure out a way to get his limbs back. There are ways in this game to do so, be it four wooden pegs or made out of other technology, but it takes some craftmanship to pull this off.
- By the time that we've managed to construct these, an electric storm came down on the settlement as if it was telling us: YOUR INTENTIONS ARE NOBLE BUT THE MONKEY MUST DIE!
(Now, here's a lesson I've learned: Never make your ENTIRE settlement out of wood.)
- The storm caused fire to start and spread like wildfire.
- All villagers were alerted and commanded to extinguish the fire.
- The fire became so intense, and spread from the storages and houses straight to the farm area (and all over the entire map, all animals and trees on the entire map were burned alive.)
- Now, the house in which Butters was still 'recovering' was also hit by the fire. I sent my main character Adante to help out but the fire enclosed the area in a rapid speed. My fat miner and his slow jigglywiggly runs could not win that race by a long shot. He was a hauler, not a speedy gonzalez.
- Butters, the poor cursed monkey, just shrieked and screamed her lungs out when the fire was getting closer and closer after every second.
- So within seconds, we could hear the cries again, of a pet Monkey. Not only in pain from snake bites and losing all limbs before, but now also jumping by the belly up & down inside her once comfortable pet-bed, being on fire.
- Every villager probably had tears in the eyes from that whole ordeal once the fire started demanding the limbless body and a Monkey fighting for the last breath of her life.
- I made Bones, since he's supposedly the new master of Butters, go into the flames and try to retrieve the monkey while the plan was to let him carry the monkey into the water at a nearby lake.
- This turned Bones into a running naked man carrying a limbless monkey across the settlement, while both being on fire.
- The outcome of this is probably easy to guess. They burned together, into (what it seemed) a neverending sea of flames and emotion.
- I ordered all my other villagers to stand in the water of the lake and wait out the fire frenzy. They were all depressed and Greta simply lost it and ran into the firesea on her own accord due to severe depression.
After the fire died, I stopped playing and told the story to my girlfriend. Her eyes opened wide and then the question came: "What kind of f***ed up game is that?"
Rimworld, my dear. It's Rimworld. -true story-
[Edit review 21.04.2022]
As you can see I've been playing this game for another 2000 hours from the point of my initial review back in 2017. The game itself has grown so substantially and in so many positive directions. The modders play a great part in this as the content that is being made makes the game even more enjoyable. There will be more and more content in the future as well as more official DLC's which, to me, is very exciting. The maker(s) of the game together with the Rimworld community really made something special that will last you with endless of hours of amazing gameplay. I cannot praise this game higher than I already do and I highly recommend to anyone reading this that you give this a try!
[End of edit]
Posted: July 9, 2018
I've been fiddling around with challenging game modes rather than the stock three. So I began a game with absolutely nothing other than the starting colonist, no food, no weapon, no silver. I've then opted then to go for a mountainous region cause it's easier to defend from attackers.
This is where things get interesting, normally what happens now is you get to choose your colonist. I thought "Right, i want a good miner, someone who can farm relatively well and I guess a good fighter to start off with". Off I go cycling through the colonists where I stumble upon Patrice. Patrice was ♥♥♥♥ at everything, I'm talking zero's, one's and two's across the board, with the exception of Art which was seven and Social which was bloody eighteen.
I thought to myself, how the hell does she have such a high social skill so I read her backstory. Now Patrice was just twenty years old, very young but she had done so much. Patrice wanted to sing for everybody, luckily for her, Dad was the CEO of an interplanetary corporation and set her up as a Childhood Idol. Patrice sang her poor heart out for everybody and made her parents proud. Until her mum died, dad was beside himself, lost in his thoughts, Patrice at this stage was developing into a woman and 'offered' herself to dad as a replacement for mum which he accepted....
The shenanighans went on until the corporation executives discovered Patrice and dad's secret and gave dad an ultimatum, "Give us your daughter or we go public with what's been happening between you two, ruining both your lives in the process". Dad agreed and sent poor Patrice away.
The executives kept Patrice in an orbital station on the galactic fringes far away from daddy, where they used Patrice for a new kind of job, if you know what I mean, say hello to Patrice's adult background Pornographic Idol. Yes you read that correctly, Patrice was now sold into sexual slavery. But it wasn't all that bad, she wasn't a typical '♥♥♥♥♥' as it where, more like a Companion from Firefly where she selected her clients. She became very popular amongst the nobility of the region. Attended balls and had a cult following, much like her childhood.
I thought to myself "Holy crap Batman WTF did I just read?". This story was absolutely nuts, I had to try to help Patrice live a better life. Off we went to Patrice's new home. I'm assuming at this stage she's been rescued by some unknown benefactor. Anyway, Patric lands right in the centre of a small clearing surrounded by mountain with only one opening and fertile land within that area too. "Score!!" I thought as I got her to work setting up a shelter, bed and torch. Bloody hell wasn't this a task for her? It took two days to complete this menial task but together we persevered. Eventually she completed this task cutting down a dozen trees in the process and skilling up two levels in construction.
Then the feral rabbit came knocking, "Crap" I had to get her to safety, fortunately this rabbit tired itself rather quickly and left Patrice alone after it slept. I got Patrice to fashion herself a club to use and just in the nick of time, well I say nick of time but it took her a whole day to get this done too. At this stage she hasn't even gotten to setting up a farm, luckily there are heaps of wild berries around.
A visitor arrives and Patrice says hi but she has no goods to sell so they leave in a hurry, as they are leaving sirens roar as we're under attack. The attacker has a shiv, loves to fight and has eight skill. "We're finished" I think as the attacker runs down towards the village but attacks the visitor, the visitor manages to put a solid slug into the attacker but is killed in the process. The attacker is wounded but proceeds to move towards Patrice, I order Patrice to stay behind the door ready with her club. The attacker busts the door down and charges in but after suffering from blood loss Patrice is able to knock him out with a single swing from her club.
Patrice locks him up in her room after fixing the door and manages to stop the bleeding thanks to some bandages the visitor had. Then I got to see Patrice do what she did best, talk to people. You see what normally happens is these attackers are hard as nails to recruit to your village, with some taking days and even seasons before joining your community, Patrice didn't even need food to entice him, as soon as she walked into the room he instantly switched sides and became Patrice's ♥♥♥♥♥.
Patrice was a God amongst men as she began her new dynasty, Patrice settled into her new roles as town artist and socialite, while minion one got to work erecting a wall, finishing some farmland and contructing a kitchen and dining room for Patrice to enjoy, all in a day's work as it were.
Patrice gathered up the supplies the visitor 'donated' equiping herself with a rifle in the process and set to work skilling up. It was like a switch was flicked, now she had a minion to dominate she finished everything with precision and haste. She developed a taste in gardening as the minion went to work digging out the tunnels, constructing two cells for conversation duties and completing a new throne room and Queen's chambers for Patrice.
This is where the story of Patrice ends..... for now... I'm actually looking forward to resuming the tale of Patrice.
Rimworld can be full of trash, normally I would look purely at the stats of a character to pick them for me but Patrice has changed my attitude here, now I look at the stories these colonists have as the main driving factor in selecting them.
Edit: Just getting my point for a review, listing Rimworld for GOTY
FYI I have the Patrice save file, played a touch, she's still alive.
Posted: June 8, 2023
I rescued Maxine from slavery, then she was kidnapped by raiders. Months later, I was attacked by the same raiders and Maxine was one of them. She died in a spike trap. I was actually pretty sad. 10/10 would play again.
Posted: August 24, 2022
Worse than alcohol addiction. Ruined my life and probably gonna lose my job. Recommended.
Posted: July 15, 2016
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I'm not one to write reviews for games - especially games that are in early access. So, I'll classify RimWorld as a lifestyle instead of a game. I was an original kickstarter backer and have played this game (almost) daily for the last 3 years with an estimated 1000 hours of playtime (before the game was avaible on Steam). So yes, I'll recommend this game and give it a positive review.
The best way that I can describe RimWorld is the aesthetics of Prison Architect mixed with elements of Dwarf Fortress set in a Firefly styled Universe. In it's heart, it's a colony simulation game where you take control of colonists who are on a planet away from "civilization". You make the decisions to equip, shelter, feed, and protect your colony from the environmental dangers and enemy factions.
Sure, the game is still in Early Access (Alpha 14 at the time of posting), but there are a ton of replayability and mechanics to learn as well as different difficulties and multiple AI types to "guide" your gameplay. The game is relatively bug free and nicely balanced in the vanilla game. The modding community is healthy and a lot of really solid mods have been released and updated.
With that said, the game may be a little daunting for new players. There are a lot of elements and core mechanics to the game that take some time to learn. My suggestion to this is to play the game on a reduced difficulty and learn from your mistakes. When your colony dies, restart a new map and learn from your mistakes. Losing is fun.
All in all, it's worth the $30 - even if $30 is expensive for an indie game. I mean, you can cure asthma by replacing a colonist's lungs.
As I said before, I did purchase the game through kickstarter, but the developer added me to the game as a character - so I didn't technically get this game for free, but I did a bit of a bonus.
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
Posted: June 4, 2023
-I bought a man for 800$
-i harvested his lung kidney and then the heart
-i sold that man's organs to the same tribe that sold him to me for 2100$
great game
Posted: November 24, 2021
if you think Geneva convention are more like Geneva suggestions this is the game for you.
Posted: November 20, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Had a colony, GREAT colony. Had Olga the spy, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ best.
I sent out a caravan to go save this guy who gets downed outside the borders. So the colony splits into two. Little did I realize, only one person I left behind could fight fires, Jess the cook. The caravan lead by Olga finds the dude, fixes him and they get dragged back after a extra day of getting split up before returning to the colony.
Meanwhile, at the main base, a pack of MANHUNTING RABBITS decided to swarm the colony. No big deal. All the rabbits get funneled in and get slaughtered. Acouple people get bit and have to be patched up. So lots of people are sleeping off being covered in rabbit bites. Suddenly, there's a heat wave. Lots of rabbits lying in the open on the floors, and people spend all night stuffing rabbits into the freezer before they rot. They go to sleep late, whatever. There wasn't alot of meat left.
QUEUE TRAGIC AS ♥♥♥♥ EVENT- there is a fault in the electrical system. Dead. Center. In. The. Colony. Jess being the only one who can fight fires gets out of bed as quick as a man covered in rabbit bites can and starts putting out the fires, but not before the fire has already spread into the warehouse and then subsequently to the lower housing area- that happens to have wood floors and all wooden beds. Jess is attempting to fight the fires alone for hours, but not before it becomes too much and begins SUPERHEATING THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ COLONY to 1400 degrees in certain rooms. He has to take breaks running in and out of the compound as he tries in vain to fight the fire. Finally it's called to just let the colony burn. Everyone evacutes the building, it can be rebuilt. But not before people get trapped inside. Colonists braving the superheated building attempting to find fallen comrades pull them outside while receiving burns from the superheated air.
The caravan returns, a billow of smoke is seen. The returning colonists who don't fear the fire begin fighting it as best as they can. The warehouse is lost at this point, but losing the fridge would be a death sentence. They lock up in the fridge and begin putting out fires as they come. It isn't enough. They get pulled out and collapse on the ground outside, those not trained in the medical arts doing their best to traige as the wounded come in.
Tony doesn't make it. The combination of the colony turned crematorium with the heat wave occuring outside puts him under. He stares vacantly into the rain beating down, appreciating the irony of the situation. Tony outreaches to his trusted alpaca companion, Animal. He was never good at names. He came from a group of tribals. The alpaca gives a 1000 yard stare back to his human compatriot. Realizing the man who had trained him had passed, Animal slips into a state similar to a man wandering in sadness. Maybe Animal, being far more intelligent than humans believed granted upon a simple llama, wondered what gods would cruely taunt those who needed water to extinguish the flames that consume their home in the night.
The fire burned. Like a bright star on the blackest night. All the colonists could do was watch many yards away as everything they had helped to create together be consumed by the raging inferno. It would not be quick. The colony was a mountain converted into a grand residence. It took nearly the whole night until it was safe enough to stamp out the embers. The rain still pouring down on the faces of those who were barely able to move. Of Animal, who stared his thousand yard alpaca stare into the smoldering ashes of what was once a home.(edited)
As the fire was put out, nearly every colonist was suffering from heatstroke. Olga, Jess, Niko, Charna, Charles, Lucy, the new colonists Malakor and Miles. They all were hurried into the freezer. Still somehow working became the new triage center. Infections from burns began to set in. Many things were lost, the fire consumed all, including all the weapons left behind colonists felled by the inferno. It wouldn't end well if they were attacked, but luckily they all for the most part survived and had enough food and medicine to rebuild.
KNOCK KNOCK- Who's there? The Federation mother ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
Bomb bots began flooding in from the north. Many, too many. No one had time to react. Only two of the colonists were even armed at the time, few guns were scattered around in the home, somehow surviving the brutal flames. Olga and Malakor took a position against a few rocks as Lucy and Jess frantically searched for weapons. Olga the best shot in the whole colony, readied her sniper rifle but already knew what the outcome would be. While waiting as the bots began to stride quickly across the farm fields, there was a time for a brief conversation between the two. Malakor laid his hand on his husky Senaca, comforting her for the last time. The conversation had a good final affect on morale as the two were swarmed and disappeared into a brilliant explosion of red mist and scrap metal. Senaca somehow survived the intial explosion but it mattered not. The Federation didn't spread so far and wide because of mercy.(edited)
Lucy and Jess having retrieved weapons, made their way outside but that would have been the final nail in everyone's coffin. A series of chain explosions ripped through the hallways. The structure supporting a mountain was no longer able to bear the weight as the night before left it weakened. The mountain collapsed. All those left trapped in the triage freezer perished instantly.
The fields of healroot swayed. They wouldn't be needed any longer. The wind turbine would eventually fall into a state of disrepair and crumbling. Looters would come and pillage anything not nailed down. But they would return to their colonies. Speaking of a single being who survived.
A lone alpaca, with a saddlebag strapped to it's back. Embroidered upon it: Animal.
Posted: October 25, 2016
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I enjoy Dwarf Fortress. But I felt disconnected with my dwarves. Honestly, 80 dwarves in one fort, and I'm supposed to care about how my Baron feels?
Then I tried RimWorld. I got it October 20th of 2016. And. I pretty much played it for near 20 hour stretches. Until that Sunday night when I realized, "I have work on Monday."
My first colony was thrown together in something of a huff as I didn't know what I was really doing, but the game is very straightforward so once I figured things out (and the ingame helper is a nice touch, Devs. Kudos), I was grooving.
My two main colonists were a fighter and doctor, plus a crafter. They got along. All was well. Between the mining, expanding, animal taming, it all felt very easily managable. There were a few mistakes, but the colony thrived.
Until he came along. The pyromaniac. He would occassionally start fires, usually after being rebuffed by the good female doctor who had her eyes on someone else. Often this would lead to him being arrested and thrown into a cell. If the fires were set away from the compound, then that was fine.
It kept getting to the point everyone was tired of his abrasive attitude and having to put out his fires. Literally. His mood would always tank after the tribal and pirate raids, yet he seemed ecstatic when it came to lobbing his molotov cocktails at the would be attackers.
Then IT landed. An AI Core. The crafter had gone out to retrieve something, and that triggered the core. Out slothed a slow moving, minigun armed slug. Everyone went on alert and was ready to fight, armed with the pistol, rifle, and knife that remained. The fighter died in a hail of bullets. He died. Blown literally into pieces infront of the good doctor. She went berserk, broken at the sight of her lover ripped to pieces. For all of the 5 seconds of rage the slug allowed before she was mowed down as well.
The crafter turned tail and ran. Fear had overtaken him. He dashed into the recesses of the compound. The pyro had long since lost his mind, laughing and setting fires, about the colony, then in the compound. The first to burn up were the dearly dismembered lovers. The crafter tried to fight back the impending flames by was consumed.
As the slug advanced, our moronic miscreant looked to the slug, then back to the flames... It was a simple choice in his mind. The loving, warm embrace of a firey death. The single thing he loved more than anything else in his life. A deep laugh emanting from the depth of his core as he leapt into the raging inferno.
.... Meanwhile I'm sitting here watching this all unfold sipping a red bull like, "... THIS IS FREAKING AWESOME." Rolled another colony and was up till 5:30am the next day still playing. This repeated ad nasuem all weekend in a variety of scenarios, now enabled by some mods, because hey, themed plays are fun. Especially the Cannibal Run. Oh man. That was... That was really bad.
Then monday morning I show up to work looking like I'd been partying all weekend: "Dude are you okay? You sound like ♥♥♥♥. How much did you drink?" "... Rimworld." "Huh?" "... I was playing RimWorld. All weekend." "Oh. Is that a game?" "Yeah." "S'it any good?" "... Yes. Yes it is very good."
So that's my review of RimWorld. The first game I have played in the last 10 years that has managed to keep me up past 2am (when I usually pass out), through consecutive days without any pings of boredom or tedium. That hasn't happened in a very long time.
Now if you'll excuse me? I have to plan out my Squirrel God playthrough. A mad human colonist with a bomb in his head, and ascetic tastes for squirrels. To raise them, to eat them, to create and command an army of them. And DEATH. DEATH TO ALL WHO OPPOSE US!! .... Maybe he'll let in the occassional boom rat. We'll see. Either way we're gonna have a lot of fun, am I right? :D
Posted: June 27, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
You're reading the reviews thinking: "Damn, some of these people have like 300+ hours on this, they must really like it." Then you're looking at the price thinking: "That much?" Definitely worth it in my opinion. And I've only played for 20 hours (and have gotten not too much done, because there is so much to do). It's the best base-building survival I've played yet. You get attached enough to some of your colonists that you become sad if anything happens to them.
You can build your colony however you want to. Think of it like a top-down minecraft. You're not limited on how you want to build your base at all, except you can't build multi-leveled buildings. (Two-story).
Every colonist has their own personality. IE: My hunter Lumine is probably one of my most useful colonists. She can snipe targets from long distances with perfect headshots. However, Lumine is staggeringly ugly and has an annoying voice. So my colonists don't really like her much. My surgeon Toni has been through so much. She has gotten her leg and arm ripped off, so I've operated on her and given her a metal arm and leg. She is literally Edward Elric, except instead of fighting Scar she is healing Scars.
Different Survival Elements. You need to keep your colonists cool when it's hot, and warm when it's cold. You can do this in different ways such as crafting them the right clothing, and having heaters/coolers. Your colonists need to eat. You can have them eat raw humans and animals like savages, or you can have them butcher animals, and cook different meals so that they can stay healthy. You need to build a freezer so that your food won't deteriorate. You need a medical room for the best effective chances of successful operations and treatment. You'll need to build wind turbines and solar generators so you can give power to the things in your base that require it. You need to build a research bench and research new... well, basically everything. So the game doesn't just give you everything that's available. You have to work for it.
In the regular mode of the base game, you start off with 3 colonists. And you stick with them for a while and think: "When am I going to get more? This is kind of slow since I only have 3 people." Next thing you know, you have like 10 people who are all doing their own jobs. Be it people you recruited, or people who fell from cargo pods from space.
And I've only been talking about your base. This game has an entirely randomly generated world that your colony is in. Which means trade caravans will visit you, different tribes will visit you. You can visit them by forming caravans of your own. You can even raid other bases. You can eventually build comms equipment to contact different trading ships that are in orbit, or the different outposts nearby. And you will get raided by a lot of different outposts as well, which means you will have to set up defences. You can take prisoners and either recruit them, release them, eat them, or harvest them for their organs. Yep. Don't want those perfectly good kidneys to go to waste now do we? If you don't want to take prisoners, you can have your colonist slit the injured guys throat. It's cold, man. They just walk right up to the injured fella and either shoot them until they die, or brutally stab them to death.
Now one important thing that this game offers which any good game offers: Mods.
To me, mods fill the important content that the developers have not added yet. More turrets, more organized menus, more furniture, more everything. Even the option to show visitors hospitality so that you can better establish friendship, or even recruit them to your colony! I can't imagine playing the game without some of the mods that I have installed. Not that the vanilla game is bad, it's just that some of the mods are so useful and necessary that I wouldn't want to play without them. And none of the mods I have are cheats either. You need to use your valuable recourses in order to craft everything, including objects from mods. So definitely check the workshop out once you get the game.
The only negative that I have so far isn't very much a negative of the game but just me being a little whiner.
Sometimes, some of the random events are very highly not in your favor, and completely unfair. Which will result in you reloading an autosave or main save, just to prevent the event from happening. When you reload a save, that event that played out gets replaced with a different random event. So you're getting raided by a bunch of people while half your colonists have severe illnesses? No worries! Just reload a save! It's saved my colony a bunch of times. Sometimes I've let some of my colonists die and I've continued the game, but most of the time I just reload an autosave to prevent their deaths. It's an easy way to cheat the system.
Overall, it's a great game. There is a reason you're seeing people with hundreds of hours on it. Every single player's game is different. Different bases, different colonists. So many outcomes. It's why you see so many people posting their stories on their reviews. It's a game that I didn't even know I wanted until I played it. Amazing community. Especially the modding community. It's making the game so much more than it already is.
10/10 would have one of my rookie hunters shoot at a hare 40 times point blank, only to miss, give up, and go stargaze.
Oh and don't let your colonists go on a mental breakdown. ESPECIALLY IF THEY HAVE THE PYROMANIC TRAIT. My god. Freakin Engie, literally sets fire to everything she helped build. Try to arrest them or reload a save. They will burn everything, slaughter your cats/dogs, fight your own colonists, and wreak havoc as much as the random evented angry hares that can destroy your entire colony if you're not prepared.
I probably missed a lot in my review. But hey, you will discover that yourself once you play it. So what are you waiting for?
Posted: March 17, 2023
- Spend years in-game building the perfect defences with colony covered in auto-gun turrets from every line of attack.
- My colonists are armed to the teeth with mini-guns, charge weaponry, excellent swords and spend their free time training martial arts or hunting to increase their skills as well as being cyborgs on combat drugs.
- Spend a decade in-game breeding an army of wargs and attack rhino to take out enemies if they make it past the auto-defences so my people don't even have to engage.
- Watch fierce tribes, pirates, organic life hating mechanoids run head first at our defences and die at the first line.
- Pop-up notification: Manhunting Tortoises. Lol ok this isn't a problem.
- Tortoises first enemy to find a hole in the defences. Ok whatever the auto-guns will take care of them.
- Tortoises so many and armoured they waddle through slow uranium slug fire depleting the slug turrets of ammunition.
- Ok they breached the first line of defence. Regular gun auto-turrets will take them out.
- Still too many tortoises and so small auto-guns barely hitting.
- Hang on they've breached the second line of the defence.
- It's fine. How will tortoises fight wargs and rhinos?
- Tortoises bite wargs & rhino to death en-masse making it to the fourth and final line of defence, my people.
- Tortoises still alive though injured and need people with swords to individually kill each one.
- Colonists sad and have psychological breaks because they were bonded to the wargs & rhino the tortoises killed.
- Hospital half full of people injured from friendly fire or tortoise bites, and half full of people who had to be anesthetised to stop major nervous breakdowns.
- In the chaos the animal pens were punctured with holes causing our sheep and goat we rely on for food & wool to escape.
- It's the middle of winter my hospital is full of injured colonists or ones having breakdowns, our pets are maimed or dead, we're about to starve and freeze to death as we have no food or wool production for clothes.
And that's how this game killed my 2 decade colony with manhunting tortoises when tribes, pirates, mechanoids, pandemics, and psychic attacks failed.
10/10 would see well trained power armoured mini-gun toting drugged up cyborg colonists lose to manhunting tortoises again.
Posted: April 6, 2023
After 1,013.4 hours of play time, I finally launched my first ship! o7
Posted: June 17, 2022
I still haven't actually beaten the game yet.
Posted: July 1, 2022
one day i played the tutorial for this game during a power outage because i forgot to refund it a month ago
its been 5 years
Posted: March 4, 2023
Product received for free
My friend bought me this game 2 weeks ago, I will never forgive him
Posted: November 5, 2023
I saw a YouTuber playing this game, I loved it so much that I immediately wanted it... so I pirated it and it was good, so good that I deleted it saved up and paid for it with my Birthday money. Best purchase ever. I can't recommend it enough. Also, try a few mods... ;)
Posted: April 18, 2020
Rimworld is a game of story telling. And warcrimes.
One such case: my faction was raided by the ruthless pirate faction - one of their largest raids yet. They were throwing everything they had at me. Powered armor, miniguns, plasma weaponry. It was a hard fought battle. But something caught my eye at the start, a particular soldier with remarkable stats and the best geared of the group. This man was the faction leaders son.
Not long after their raid turned south i began harvesting organs from the survivors as per routine. But I had something evil planned for the son. I decided to turn him into my only prisoner. I removed his limbs and left him with only what he needed to live, and fed him his fallen comrades from the most recent raid. After all was done, I loaded him into a cargo pod and launched him at his fathers homelands. "To send a message."
It wasn't long before they responded. Hard. A raid of immeasurable size came back, the son that I had launched at them prior was with the group - with him his father. His limbs restored with advanced bionics far beyond any mundane soldier. Randy Random the god of my world, had decided that my evil acts would not go unchecked; A solar flair hit my base at the same time, knocking out my defences. Leaving my 5 super soldiers versus their army. It was a bloody fought battle.
The faction leader was one of the first to fall, and their numbers were thinning. A wrongly placed missile wiped half their own, but took out 2 of my super soldiers in the blast. One died to shrapnel to the skull instantly. The other clinging to life on the ground. My three other soldiers were dropping one by one, until the enemy faction decided to flee, attempting to take what they could and leave after facing such casualties. The son of the faction, ready to leave to take up his fathers position of leader had planned to take one of my super soldiers of his own, but I couldn't face to let that happen. Beaten and bruised I had a single soldier still standing whom ran to face the son in a one on one, hand to hand fight. Mano a mano. My soldier, their arms fitted with blades within their wrists like some kind of horrifying techno wolverine, the enemy stood strong, head to toe in bionics like a bloodied terminator. The first punch was thrown by my soldier, ripping his arm off in one. But machine parts don't feel, and he didn't flinch to the pain. He threw his one and only punch. Powered by bionics a servo punch so strong it ripped my soldiers bionic jaw off in one, dropping him to the ground.
And that was how my colony of 5 super soldiers ended. Karma.
10/10 would commit warcrimes and face the consequences again.

Posted: June 24, 2021
Product received for free
I refused to buy it myself because I didn't like the look of the graphics. Friend bought it for me to prove that I'd like it.
If I don't reach 2,500 hours of total playtime by 2025 I will genuinely be surprised.
Posted: August 18, 2021
- A raid happened and my combat guy killed raider 1, and wounded raider 2
- I decided to capture raider 2 to convert him to the team
- To do this I tried to make his room look nice with a statue
- I had combat guy make the statue
- He made a statue of himself killing raider 2's friend
- He then had a mental breakdown and ran around naked
I love this game
Posted: June 13, 2021
I cant say enough about how much Ive enjoyed RimWorld. I remember being one of those people who thought that this (at the time) beta game was overpriced but wanted to try it once it went on sale (it didn't!). Eventually I just BOUGHT the game because soo many other people said it was good and 7300 hours later Ive never regretted it.
The base game is VERY good, with a steep learning curve that will likely have you restarting your game .. several times. After you have played the base game enough, there is a massive library of well supported mods that expand the game in ways that the original dev likely never imagined possible turning RImworld into the swiss army knife of games (space exploration, star wars experience, medieval knights vs ancient robots).
It WILL suck your time up. This game is a black hole of personal time suckery. It is a digital vampire. You will possibly lose entire days of your life but still want MORE.
If you were thinking of buying it and even slightly like colony sims, building sims, etc then just do it, buy it now.
Posted: September 17, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I play naked brutality, randy random and merciless on permadeath. Needless to say most of my games don't last long, but i love the challenge.
In my last game my solo guy got attacked by a hungry bear and managed to kill him with just his knife (+1 deadfall trap), but he still collapsed from the pain. I waited anxiously to see if he would recover on his own and when he did i changed his title to the 'The Revenant'. He got a scratch scar and made himself a pair of pants from the bearskin.
For me this game is like a book.
When i read a book i use my imagination to draw the characters and places using the author's descriptive writing and i can 'watch' the drama and action unfold in my head.
When i play this game, I find myself doing the same thing. The character traits and the story teller events create a story and i can image the live action movie behind the games' pixels.
I definately recommend.
Posted: June 19, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
When I was first recommended this game, I thought to myself, "Man, $30 for some indie game I have never heard in my damned life. Sounds like a scam to me."
Well, as it turns out, I bought it anyway. And for what the $30 is worth?
It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ scam.
The game plays out where you have a couple people on a ship, or something, and crashlanding into what is pretty much a space version of the wild west.
These pawns are what pretty much what you use to play the game. You essentially kind of psudeo-control these pawns that don't have functioning brains, and you set up schedules, work priorities, all that colony simulator stuff. The entire game is just based around managing your colony; at least, that's what my first impressions were.
A random bandit raid comes 30 minutes into the game. Only one guy. Probably a self-proclaimed pirate. No big deal, my pawns just gunned him down.
Now, we have this unslightly guy outside of our base, bleeding out because he thought he could 1v3 my colony like he was some Metal Gear assassin sort of guy.
Oh, then I checked his stats.
You see, in this game, pawns have these designated stats that are all trainable. These stats are sort of like an RPG trope ordeal where you have to train them at those skills so they get better stats. The pawns I started out with, one was an okay constructor, the other a doctor, and the third one was not good at anything, but she could still kind of get the job done.
Now, this pirate?
He had the most atrocious stats I have ever seen in my life. In fact, he was only good at one thing, which was punching. Couldn't even help with the farm or anything because he was 'incapable' of doing so. Any sort of skilled labor just wasn't his thing.
Still, I decided to tidy him up, and try to recruit him. After all, you may be only good at one thing, but we sure as hell need a janitor to clean these dirty as hell rooms, since the dirt and grime was pretty much pissing off my pawn's moodlet bars.
Few hours go by, and I'm already invested into this brawler janitor guy. You see, my colonists wanted everything. They wanted a good looking bedroom, a place to lounge in, some horseshoes to play with, but not the janitor dude.
He was an ascetic. Gave him a garbage room with dirt as his floor and an awful bed. He didn't mind it. No, in fact, he was happy with it. This guy pretty much never had a crappy mood and just did his work, no questions asked. Cleaned the kitchen, the dining room, the bedrooms, the farms, the outside, without a single complaint. I liked him. He was cool.
Our colony started booming. Naturally, when any colony starts to get rolling, they start rolling hard. And when the colony gets rolling, the money starts rolling right in.
You see, we were the biggest dealer in corn that the world had ever seen. Every time a trading caravan from a neighboring colony came in, we got ourselves a giant wad of cash for every harvest of every year. And with that giant wad of cash, as any functional human being would do, we started spending that on a bunch of cool as hell stuff.
Shield belts. Charge rifles. Bionic body parts. Gigantic statues. And of course, an EXCESS amount of chocolate. Because why the hell not.
Well, of course, since we were pretty much balling on money, people started to take notice. And, unfortunately, not all of them were good people.
Pirate raids started to come in, and we fought them off every time. Every time we finished a raid, we'd go ahead, and try to recruit some of these guys. Some of them joined, others were still hesitant. Sooner or later, we had a massive prison size of 11 people, and 7 people as colonists. With that population, food was bound to dwindle, but I figured that it wouldn't have mattered since we were in a tropical rain forest, where food was everywhere, and farming season was pretty much all the time.
I was woefully unprepared for the events to come.
Some other city thought that it was an absolute GENIUS idea to use their chemical radioactive fuel or whatever, and as it turned out, it wasn't so genius after all. My entire region was poisoned. By toxic fallout.
Thing is, it's impossible to grow crops outside in a toxic fallout. So my entire crop system started dying out.
Well, I figured, maybe we can hold out on food stores for a while, and I did just that.
Food stores cut in half after the first week. Toxic fallout wasn't letting up any time soon, so I was forced to let go of the prisoners outside to fend for themselves. My colony was going to be eaten out of food, and I wasn't going to let my colonists starve just to feed some idiots who do not understand the gloriousness of my colony.
Luckily for me, the fallout lifted right before our food stores would hit zero. Of course, right after that happened, I started hauling ass, telling my pawns to get to work farming right away so we would have food again.
Then, a ship crashlands straight into the north side of my base.
I had no idea what that thing was. It sat there for a few days, humming some weird crap, then I noticed that it was making snow. And killing plants around it.
It was the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 'toxic fallout' thing, but this time, it was spreading from the ship.
I hated toxic fallout. It forced me to let go of all the prisoners I was about to recruit. It made me lose farming time that could have been spent farming corn.
So naturally, with my hate for this poison ship, I woke up my colonists, and then attacked the ship.
What happened next, I couldn't believe it.
Robot aliens. Counted 4 super-sized centipede slug things and 5 scyther robot things. I have never seen robot aliens up until this point, so I had no idea what these things were capable of.
We started shooting them down.
The mechanoids were not fazed.
One of the scythers took a shot. Aimed it. Fired.
My best shooter instantly died as the charged weapon shredded his brains out.
I was forced to move retreat back to the base, where the sandbags were so they could take cover.
Meanwhile, the centipedes just arrived as reinforcements after the scythers were sniping my main defending force off one by one.
The centipedes started mowing everyone down; colonists died left and right.
The only people left at this point was the doctor, who was bleeding out fast, and the janitor, who was rescuing the doctor to the hospital.
In a last ditch effort to try to save what I had left, I sent my janitor to rush into the fray.
As he charged in, a scyther instantly broke his shield with a well-timed shot. The janitor cleanly swiped off the scyther's neck, downing it, and then moved onto the next scyther.
A bystanding scyther, watching this take place, takes fire only to accidentally shoot his ally directly in the thorax.
With it down, he moved towards the last scyther.
This time wasn't so lucky for him.
The fourth scyther sliced at his right arm, destroying it, as the scyther dodged his attacks, and sliced again at his neck, swiftly decapitating his head clean off.
In a manner of minutes, my entire colony was dismantled. The buildings were razed in an inferno, and all my colonists had died, save for one. The doctor, whimpering in the corner of the hospital; the floor soaked in her own blood.
I watched for the last few minutes as she bled out, and died right there. Alone, as the building around her burnt into ashes and crumbled.
I felt bad. My colony was short-lived. I thought I had it all. I thought I was invincible. Hell, I survived a toxic fallout. Of course I thought I was invincible. And I was so invested into that colony too.
So, I decided. This game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ scam. What kind of sane developer makes me feel this emotion, in a video game no less? A crook, that's who. For $30, you made me suffer. You made me addicted to this game, to the point where I have played for a total of 300 hours as of this review.
All I can say, Tynan Sylvester, is that you are a crook. A damned good one, at that.
Posted: July 31, 2021
I've spent over 900 hours building colonies, creating stories, and committing war crimes in many different environments. Now I'm able to do it in Rimworld, too!
Posted: April 5, 2022
I had one chance on this Earth and I have ruined it.
Posted: October 12, 2023
>> 4 Refugees begged to come stay with me
>> Said okay
>> Wolves attack, but refugees assist in bravely pushing back the feral forces
>> One of the refugees sustains a bite to the leg
>> thatsok.jpg, just send her to bed
>> Infection occurs
>> Ohno.png
>> Try to treat infection, but it worsens. Is so bad her leg needs amputating
>> Only have 1 doctor (he's called Table), he's not very good. Tell him to amputate her leg, and start praying
>> greatsuccess.gif
>> She recovers, time to get her a peg leg
>> Something goes wrong during the peg leg attachment procedure, she dies on the spot
>> ohnotablewhathaveyoudone.swf
>> 2 refugees leave in anger, but one remains
>> He's so angry he turns hostile
>> Is 9 year old child with a mohawk and a machine pistol
>> nomatchforus.exe
>> Overpower and throw child in jail
>> He starves to death because he burned down the storehouse during his revolt and there's not enough food
>> Table is not allowed to perform surgery anymore
10/10 would recommend this game
Posted: February 19, 2019
I like this game a lot.
A group of bandits came to burn my crops down; they caused quite a ruckus but I managed to fend them off and capture about 9 of them.
I took them all in, harvested their non essential organs, harvested their eyes, jaw, nose, ears, legs, hands, feet, arms, a lunch, a kidney and whatever I could salvage while keeping them alive. I made sure though to ensure at least 1 of the invaders had 1 eye so that when I released them she could lead the rest of the captives back home.
I made sure to install wooden peg legs on everyone before releasing them so they could wobble home; and thanks to my kindness of sparing them, the enemies stopped invading and became pretty happy since I returned their people all alive and well.
Pretty neat game.
Posted: December 24, 2020
A pack of manhunting suicide bombing deers invaded my freezer, 1 had a heart attack and started a chain reaction of explosion, burning down my food supply and ended a 10 year old colony. 10/10 would play again
Posted: January 15, 2022
Never even finished the game
Posted: December 19, 2021
The rating of Rimworld should be enough to tell you that this game is great…
Possibly the best game I’ve ever played and I’ve been playing video games for over 20 years now.
Graphics - I personally really like the graphics. They are simple, but it fits the game well and I couldn’t imagine how better graphics could make the game significantly better.
Music - fits the game perfectly and some how after all this time of play, doesn’t seem to get old.
Story - each game is different, there are similarities because your still playing rimworld but you’ll never get the same game twice. Each game tells its own story of survival, disaster and occasionally triumph.
Ease of play - the tutorial is pretty bad from memory. BUT once you complete the tutorial and then die in your first winter because you don’t have enough food and restart and prepare for winter and forget to add defences and die then restart and add defences then try hunting a heard of Muffalo in preparation for winter and die again because the whole heard turns manhunter… you learn enough along the way with relative ease.
Replayability - endlessly… look at my hours of play…
Overall rating - 10/10 - I was looking for a game that was in the survival genre. Something that you build a colony, you have to manage food and weather conditions and you have to defend the colony from enemies. I found Rimworld, I got engulfed in Rimworld, and I haven’t played anything else apart from Rimworld.
Posted: July 26, 2022
Raiders make the best hats.
I played this game for probably 200 hours without mods or DLC. Vanilla Rimworld is amazing; yet the DLC and especially the mods make this my favorite game of all time.
As others have pointed out, its all about the "headcanon" (the story you make in your mind as you play). My first game included a young man, a young woman, an old man, and a dog. The two young people fell for each other, and the old man was the animal handler so I assumed it was his dog from the start. The lady is out harvesting berries and an event occurs: "Mad Chinchilla". Apparently, this chinchilla did not like the lady picking berries, so it attacked her. This doesn't seem like a big deal, and it normally would not have been.
Except this lady was a pacifist. She couldn't attack anything. So she takes off running. I get the old man to come to her rescue (he was the best shot and had a rifle). He meets her as she is running, and fires a single shot...
He shot the lady in the face. In my mind, this is because there was a backstory between the two of them, and he did not like her.
He then also killed the chinchilla. He brings the lady back to our single-room house and tries to treat her leaking facehole. His medical skills are lacking.
Where is the young man? He was off mining some steel. Not that he could've helped, because he can't shoot and his medical skills are also lacking. He enters the house just in time to see the love of his live die from acute lead poisoning to the face.
He snaps. Going into a rage, he attacks the old man. The old man goes down after being stabbed a bunch, but the dog...
THE DOG...
He saves the old man. He takes down the young man and kills him, and sits by his owner.
His owner is slowly bleeding out (You can have people self-treat wounds, but I did not know it at the time). He is unconscious, but seems to be stable. Until he gets an infection.
The infection eventually kills him. He never regained consciousness.
My colony failed. The End. To this day (3500+ hours later) whenever I see a dog, I assume it is The Dog. Sometimes he has found a new handler, sometimes the new handler is evil and The Dog pays the prices. Other times The Dog has returned to the wild. That's when I am happiest to see him.
See, the game is a story-telling device. Originally there was no winning, and to this day I have not ever actually finished a colony. I always either get steamrolled after 20+ hours or get bored and start over. People highlight the awful things you can do, but I want to stress that the crimes against humanity come in two flavors:
1) Horrendous things you do to survive
and
2) Horrendous things you do because you can
Every starts off with "I will never do X, Y, or Z", but when you are starving and cold, and your friend Steve just died from starvation, you realize he could be a life-saving meal. Then you realize he could also make a coat to keep you warm.
Eventually, you just see everyone as meat wrapped in hat material.
Everyone except The Dog.
Posted: July 19, 2021
I don't normally leave reviews and this isn't so much a review as the story of my useless tamed raccoon. Early in my first run I realized that tamed animals sold for reasonable amounts of silver to caravans so I tried taming all kind of things. Long story short I ended up with a raccoon that I constantly had to adjust zones for to keep him out of my hydroponics, walk-in cooler, gardens, etc. because this little critter would eat almost anything. Well, to my dismay I soon found out no one wants a raccoon, not settlements nor passing trade caravans, and I'm not the kind of guy who just kills pixelated pets for no reason. I set his training on the highest it would go and forgot about him. Pretty soon I caught on to the fact that in good weather you could send your useless animals with your trade caravans and they would forage rather than eating anything in reach, and I kept hoping against hope I'd find someone to buy him.
So I send this furry little parasite out on another trade caravan and for the first time I get ambushed.... by 2 man-eating Yorkshire terriers. I have two colonists with rifles and reasonable shooting stats and they miss and miss and miss. One of the terriers reaches the first colonist and while he isn't a danger injured colonists are a pain in the ass and I would guess even more so on a caravan. Then, too my complete surprise, my raccoon intercepted the second Yorkie and held it at bay until one of my semi useless colonists finally managed to pray to the RNG gods and get a hit in. That useless food-sink went from furry parasite crapping all over my sandstone tiled floors to hero pet that saved a second colonist from getting minor scratches.
10/10 Would tame useless creatures again.
I disabled comments because I don't want to have to read about all the things I am doing wrong, I am doing them wrong and having a blast. Great game.
Posted: December 4, 2020
this game will ruin your life, but at least you get to see your little fake people move around and build stuff. Why do human brains like that so much?
Posted: February 4, 2022
I have lost my life to this game and i would tell anyone to do the same.
Posted: July 15, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I play this game like it's a full time job. 26 hours in my first 3 days and loving almost evey minute of it. It's purpose is to tell a story, whether of joy or sorrow, and it accomplishes this well. Let me share with you my favorite story so far, which lasted about 10-15 hours in real life.
I finally made a colony that lasted longer than a year before the narrorator decided that this story was ready for a twist. 3 years in. Population is up to 7-8 people at the same time; work was getting done. Solid defense multiple blocks deep surrounding the entire base. Enough food to last for 2 years. Raiders don't stand a chance.
Randy decides he's been too easy on me. First wave of raiders equiped with heavy artillery arrives. After hours, they blast a crack in my wall and flood in. My colonists have been waiting. Firing commences. Bullets fly, blood spills and bodies drop. The raiders grab 3 of my people before they retreat. I save one of them but the others are gone for good. Time to rescue and restore.
Hours after the first attack, the next raid begins. The crack hasn't been repaired because most of my colony is in the hospital. A few good soldiers answer the call for justice and defend the homeland. They quickly dispense of the second wave but sustain minor injuries. Time to visit the hospital.
Hours later the third strike falls upon us. This battle will be a last stand. I send those able to walk out to the battlefield, likely to take thier last breaths. They meet the aggressors at the door and unleash their weapons. This desperate attempt to save the colony ends like many wars -- neither side claims victory as we all strive to hang on. They capture two of mine, but we take down 3 of theirs.
Only three reamain, wounded and unconcious. Luckily, my doctor is still alive and well, making her rounds amongst the two soldiers. We survived the war . . . or so we thought. The siren wails again as a final wave of raiders enters the arena. These lone stragglers are equipped with shoddy wooden melee weapons, but the odds are five to one. My doctor greets them at the door with an LMG and fights to her last breath. The wounded hear her screams and answer the call. Using their guns as crutches, they hobble to the entrance and face certain demise. Their only thought, "We're taking them with us."
They fight their way through the flames and rubble that they once called home, stabbing and shotting anything that moved. The raiders retreat, but we won't allow them to get far. Not today. They chase the raiders to the gates, cornering them against the wall. The grim reaper is amongst us. They fire as long as thier strength can hold the gun before falling to the ground due to blood loss. One soldier dies while the last man finishes the assult.
With every raider dead, the lone soldier returns to his room, passing his fallen comrades along the way. He eats his last meal and grab some Flake to unwind. He locks himself in the Rec room and lights up to ease the pain. He thinks back to the story that was told within these walls. The crash landing and the first walls. The famines and the feasts. The wars won and the people lost. He finishes his first pipe full and decides to light another dose of flake. His blood is draining as he slips in to an overdosed coma of ecstasy and joins his friends in the light.
With him, dies the legacy of this grand colony. Perhaps some day another weary traveler will stumble upon its walls and take shelter. Maybe they will wonder of the epic tale that transpired, looking upon the works that his hands created. Or maybe the dust of the mountain will consume this town and its insignificant story. After all, in the end, we're all just dust in the wind.
I love this game and highly reccomend it to anyone that enjoys games like Banished, Prison Architect and Don't Starve. Don't play to win, play to live. Enjoy the stories as they happen. 10/10

Posted: October 4, 2022
Yea.. I may have put a weekend or two into this.. with mods you never play the same game twice. Infinite replayability, awesome stories, crazy shenanigans involving hats and such. I dare you to play as a "nice colony"
Posted: January 1, 2023
It's quite good. I've played it for a few hours
Posted: January 23
I remember when I was 11 years old, I was diagnosed with severe ADHD and was medicated heavily on Full Strength Ritalin trans-dermal patches. The patches were entirely too strong dosage wise and I would go outside and stare at the ants running around on the ground for hours and hours at a time after school. RimWorld is sort of like that in a way.

Posted: March 4
My dreams of running a drug-farming gun running human trafficking organ harvesting capitalistic cannibalistic colony run by gene-vat soldiers that rely on liquid cocaine to survive and have ZERO social skills can finally be achieved
Posted: December 29, 2022
An absolute masterpiece
Do not get fooled by it's simplistic approach to graphics & design. Rimworld is an highly complex colony sim (story generator) absolutely packed with details, refreshing gameplay mechanics to mess around with, and that with uttermost freedom. The concepts are all simple enough to learn and there is a neat built-in tutorial. Once the few interface paradigms are mastered then you're most of the way there. Don't worry, you will get acquainted with the game fast enough because the game will suck up all of your free time. Once you'll know how to operate the ship, you'll never want to stop sailing away.
You will likely make mistakes at some point, learn from them and improve in the future. You may as well get caught by surprise by the random events, forcing you to adapt and overcome the challenge like a badass, or just watch your pawns die in a horrific way. Remember that you can lower the difficulty mid game and tweak every little settings as you please. We play games to have fun after all.
Mods and replay value
Rimworld is certified mod friendly - Unlike your first colony, the modding community is flourishing and far from dying. My favourite type are the Quality of life mods that make the base game notably more delectable. The variety is huge and brings endless possibilities to an already (very) replayable game. My advice for new players would be to get some of the QoL mods, get a good grab of the game and notice what you wish were or weren't in the game. After a bit of research you will end up realising there's a mod for almost everything.
My favourite discovery of 2022 without a doubt.
11/10
Posted: February 28, 2020
So I went on a quest to rescue April. I sent John because he was a fast walker, and thought it would be good to get there as fast as possible. Unfortunately, once I got there I realized my mistake; John had no medical skill. April couldn't walk. I quickly mined out a cave to be out of the elements, and laid April down to rest. In the meantime, I put John to work. Now John's not a great cook, but they needed something to eat being stranded so far from home. Luckily, a Lynx had recently killed a boar, so I had John butcher the boar and cook its meat over a campfire. Remember, John's not a great cook. He fed April while she was resting, and she got food poisoning. So she couldn't walk, and was throwing up. They had nothing else to eat, so John got food poisoning as well.
I soon realized I needed a doctor to get out here fast, and with more food. So I grabbed about 10 simple meals and 5 medical packs and sent York on his way. In the meantime, John tended to April, and swept dirt out of the cave. When York was about halfway there, April was well enough to walk, so I sent John and her to meet him halfway. John and April had just enough food to make it to York, but then I realized they did not have enough food for all of them to make it home. So, here comes Orr. I took no chances this time, grabbed the rest of my food and quickly set off.
Back at the settlement, Chef woke up one morning and realized no one else was around, so he did what he always did and just continued making meals. All of a sudden, an explosion occurred in the middle of the base. Considering it was all made up of wood, it immediately went up in flames. Chef attempted to tame the flames, but then the dog, Hilda, caught fire. I thought to myself, save the house or save the dog? Chef rushed outside to chase Hilda down and pat out the fire. She was saved. The house, not so much. However, for some reason Hilda rushed back inside, most likely to save her favorite bed. The flames engulfed her, and with no safe access Chef couldn’t save her again. Oh yeah, I also had a random rat that died too. Rat 1.
Chef was dying of heatstroke, but thankfully it was winter, so he rested outside till he was well enough. The fire had stopped, and thankfully as the refrigerator floor was made of concrete, all the food survived. John, York, Orr and our newly recruited April were almost back to base, with plenty of food to spare. What did it cost to save her? My house, my dog and my rat.
Posted: December 5, 2019
I know the creator doesn't put this game on sale and that is a point of contention for a lot of people. I was waiting forever for this thing to go on sale before I read that it never does. If you're on the fence I'd say purchase this game. It's so damned in depth and will keep you on your toes like none other. You get so many options to customize your game for relaxed and learning game play to a whirlwind of hell. The price looks steep based on the graphics but def. go check out some Youtube vids to see just how much is really in this game. It's amazing.
Posted: November 17, 2019
A stray bullet from a pirate killed my cat so I hunted his colony down and exterminated it, making a hat out of the killer. 100/10
Posted: April 26, 2023
While you may think "But I can just play Stellaris and commit war crimes on a galactic scale", remember that smaller scale sometimes helps. It makes every war crime commited in Rimworld just so much more personal.
Posted: March 24, 2022
Im 58 years old and this is one of the few games me and my sons play together to bond! They love upgrading their base, and slaying the even bigger enemies! Wish my late wife could see us all playing together
Posted: February 8, 2020
You can play this game for 12hrs straight without even trying.

Posted: December 5, 2022
literally built the rocket once in 1700 hours lmao
Posted: March 16, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
There i am about 2 in game years deep. My food supplies nearly endless, Lavish to fine to even simple meals stacked galore in my freezer. Assault rifles, charged rifles, the works. However nothing could prepare me for what my story teller had in mind. It had been seemingly smooth sailing so far into my journy for prosperity. Until i was hit with toxic fallout and a volcanic winter. I slowly watched everything around me be poisoned and die. But seeing as how i thought i was invincible with my food stacking up to the ceiling and my colonists as happy as stranded people could get, i stayed. For another in game year these events continued. Through Spring, Summer, Fall, and another winter. i Watched as the vast amount of food slowly hit 0. I did not sit there long enough to see these events end. i organized a caravan and took only what i needed and fled the area. A week later i came to an arid shrub land with a large population of berries. I thought i was safe once again. Rebuilt a simple settlement and things were beginning to look up. Until a tornado came ripping right through the area that housed the ancient danger. Multiple Mechanoids flooded out slaughtering my colonists 1 after another. All i could do was watch, in horror, terror, and dispair. Now, with tears in my eyes and lost hope in my heart....i click "New Colony." 10/10 #Neverforget
Posted: December 10, 2018
Rimworld is, without a doubt, the most phenomenal game to ever come out of the mess that is the Early Access limbo. This is a 35$ game that could very well be worth 60$. The replayability is way up there, and you can play it however you want. It is a sandbox colony management simulator afterall. Wanna have a colony who's sole economy is reliant on human organs? Go for it. Wanna do a cannibalistic nude amazon-only colony that genocides males and leaves their corpses in mass graves on the outside to deter raiders? Totally up to you. Just wanna take it easy and come home from a stressful day of work to a comfy boring ol' colony? Hey, I ain't judging and this is getting off track, but you get the general idea. With Rimworld the only limitation is your creativity, time to murder, and sacrificing your soulsocial life for just one more colony run.
The workshop community is enormous. So if you ever get tired of just a vanilla game or two, you can always dive into the rabbit hole to spice up your game more. There's things ranging from simple quality of life ui improvements to full blown overhaul packs. There's a mod for everyone on the workshop. I mean, there's even a mod for having catgirl colonists, I think you get the idea.
Rather you're a fan of colony management sims or interested in trying one, I think Rimworld is more than good enough for that criteria. It's easy to get into thanks to the various 'storytellers' mechanic that you can configurable to your leisure. But it can, and will, get despairingly cruel and unforgiving at even slightly harder difficulties. Which depends on storytellers as well. The best part is you can change them to your hearts content so if you're feeling overwhelmed by the difficulty you're able to tone it down a notch and play at your own pace without much of anu bad events in the way. There's even mods that add new storytellers for even greater enrichment of your experience.
Overall, Rimworld has a speculator design philosophy. If it was a religion I'd be a devout follower. The stories that are generated from this game are just wonderful, and it's always great to read other about other people's colonies too.
Additional 12/17/18 thoughts
At the time I made this review, I couldn't think of any shortcomings the game has. Other than the game can be, and will be, unforgiving if you're not prepared for disasters. However, originally, I wanted to point out that the game can get tedious in the end game department
So let me make one point that I admittedly did not describe in the original review: You have the choice of several scenarios for starting a game. You have the classic mode, where you start off with 3 survivors of a crashed space liner that was destroyed above the orbit of a "in the sticks" outer rim system. In this one, your goal is to guide these survivors off the planet, which there are multiple ways of achieving. Either by constructing a spaceship yourself, or treking the planet and finding one yourself. I want to point out that this is in fact entirely optional and you are free to do other things as you wish. Be it conquering the other communities that inhabit the planet or whatever.
This was something I also forgot to mentionl being a management sim, you will be managing your colonist's day to day lifes'. From setting their schedules, dictating what jobs they will be doing, and everywhere else in between. Their skills will help you determine what role they will be performing in their activities. For the most part, they are capable of being left to their own devices, but you can also force them to do certain tasks above others; this is also where the job prioirty system come in, so you can have a single colonist mine for minerals, cook, make clothing, and everything else in a elaborate order. Every colonist has their own backtory that gives them unique behavior. You might have a drooling braindead colonist who hates mundane work and has skills of 0 in everything, so you might have a use of using him as cannon fodder during a raid a planting seeds in your farms, for example.
The other two starts is starting off with a single dude with a handsome amount of supplies, and another one where you start off as a 5-man tribe and researching is far worst because of the nature of this start. These starts are regarded as being extra difficult. There's also the choice of player made scenarios on the workshop if you ever crave more. Plus you can customize them to your hearts content and upload them for others to enjoy too.
So, what are these tedious things I spoke of? Well, if you're determined to get off the planet, finding the components for the spaceship isn't easy. The research required will take a tremendous amount of time both in game and in real life hours. You have to essentially research the whole tree to get the required tech. To add to this, without the proper mods, it is not possible to actually tell your colonists to research because research is regarded as something that is a 'long term investment', which I don't particularly agree with.
Finding the ship parts can be risky since you must trek out of the safely of your colony over long distances to get these items, which may or may not be guarded by strong guards in the maps they are in. So if your colonist dies, that's food and any weapons they have wasted, and there's no way of regaining the items back.
I hope this supplementary review was helpul for you, the ever so hesistant buyer and similar so-sos who think the original review still wasn't conving you at throwing 35$ at this amazing game without seeing some of the silver linings of it as well. I'm trying my best to explore everything when I do reviews like these, so I apologize.
Posted: January 7, 2023
i pirated this game but it was so good that i bought it to support the devs
Posted: April 21, 2022
as Aussie i would like to celebrate Rimworlds return to Australian users here is my review.
It is a colony management sim set on a fantasy world were the goal is to survive and thrive by any means, drugs, violence or sentient treedogs.
10/10 prepare for winter otherwise you gonna die.
Cheers Australian Classification Board for being jerks. Love you devs
Posted: July 3, 2022
-about two weeks in
-raid
-an absolute unit of a dude named val
-severely wounds and hurts 2 of my colonists with a rusty knife
-lucky shot from a colonist knocks him out
-imprison
-recruit
-turns out to be kind of a lovable guy, and great help around
-a few months go by
-potato blight
-bad winter
-cold snap, temperatures plummet
-herbalist female colonist gets the flu
-warrior colonist dies of hypothermia
-val is the only decent fighter left
-two dumbass tribals somehow are able bear the cold enough to come raid
-val fights them off both with minimal injuries
-a few days go by
-val is tending the wounded
-"Maddened Squirrel"
-i send val with a rifle to kill it for food
-val misses two shots
-squirrel gets up close, scratches val
-val kills it
-val walks about 15 steps
-Colonist Dead, cause of death: Blood loss
10/10 game.
Posted: September 3, 2021
So Steam found out I may have played the occasional game of Rimworld, and it asks me if I'd recommend it to others. Hmm, not quite sure yet, will have to play a bit more... ;)
Was it worth the money for me? Even considering both expansions it cost me less than a cent per hour, and I've been enjoying it on and off ever since the Kickstarter. No other game I ever had came with this much joy for the buck.
Soo, should you buy it? Certainly. Even if you wind up not enjoying it (which  I consider rather unlikely), the money will probably be used to make a third expansion which will then benefit me. ;)
Edit: see? There is a third expansion now. Let's play a few more hours…
Posted: April 28, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Decent colony with 6 people, all friends with each other
Hans, the colony leader and best shooter, gets sick with sleeping sickness
Bedridden as hell, cant move at all
This is annoying, because I'm short a worker
Helen, the caring and beautiful doctor, spends long hours tending to him and chatting
Hans keeps asking her out, she keeps rejecting
Weeks pass and it looks like he won't make it
Out of pity Helen finally accepts his advances, Hans is overjoyed
Everyone visits him, chatting him up, feeling sorry for him
Spice up Helen's room so she won't be as sad when Hans inevitably passes
At the last minute, Hans miraculously recovers!!!
Everyone is happy, and Helen wants to build a queen bed they can sleep in together
Helen goes out to the edge of the map to gather some steel
Raiders suddenly show up and catch her off guard
Helen is speared to death, absolutely torn to shreds
Hans goes berserk, kills all 5 raiders himself then coops up in his room in a depressed state
10/10 would suffer the greatest plot twist in gaming again

Posted: July 12, 2021
Played a few hours, seems ok.
in all seriousness ive had this game since around 2016, and its been a very regular feature, its my most played (and enjoyed) game. Mods keep it fresh, so be sure to head to Ludeon Forums or the workshop, both work nicely. Expansions are also a plus, and i look forwards to the soon upcoming ideology expansion, im hoping it'll ad a bit more of a soceity feel than surviving band of crackheads, but its still fun as it is right now.
IDEOLOGY EDIT:
So, ideology has been rolling a while, and its a nice addition to the rimworld experience, where you no longer have to pretend to be canibal crackheads, but can MAKE your people canibal crackheads without deviation. You can beat it into (or out of) prisoners, other colonists etc, and the variety in beliefs is nice and wide letting you fiddle around in a large manner of ways.
My personal first experiance was welcoming in a refugee after starting a new save, seeing they had a conflicting ideology, and thinking "Hmm, what to do next." So, naturally, i constructed a prison. With their help. And put them in it. Good thing my ideology views execution as acceptable if guilty, right?.
Posted: August 7, 2019
Awesome game. So many reviews that nobody gonna read this. But damn! What a wonderful game!!!
Posted: February 7, 2023
As you can see this is a great game to lose yourself for a few hours in.
Posted: July 1, 2022
it helped me get away from parents fighting ad helped me get through a lot. its a ton of fun

Posted: April 28, 2020
Bought RimWorld yesterday and wanted to play it for about 30 minutes before going to bed, somehow ended up playing it for 10 hours straight.
Posted: March 16, 2020
This game is a wonderous give and take.
For instance I was drop shipped 20 yorkie dogs all of which were tame.
This was a glorious day but sadly it was winter and food was low so we had to make some sacrifices.
Thankfully the meat harvested from one of my colonists was enough to keep all my yorkie's and other colonists alive long enough for the upcoming harvest, plus I got a nice human leather hat out of it all.
10/10
Posted: July 20, 2016
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I've been playing since alpha 6, and this game is great.
This is the recent story of my A14 colony.
Mate touches down on the planet, with his cat, Enrique. He is great at construction and growing.
We plant Potatoes and dig a hole for ourselves.
New guy comes in, AMAZING at mining.
He goes crazy because he slept on the cave floor.
Mate shoots him 17 times because he punched him in the gut.
He dies.
New lady comes in, chased by pirates.
Grabs pistol off dead man, capture pirate with amazing speech.
Mate's Father parachutes in like "YO SON, I GOT AN INFECTION IN MAH KNEE"
We harvest, food is good.
Mate's Father dies of infection, Mate dies inside.
Prisoner with great speech dies of infection.
New guy comes! Good speech, amazing construction.
Pirates attack.
Mid attack, architect has a mental breakdown because I told him to wake up to try to save Mate's dad's life.
He attacks and kills a chinchilla while the pirates shoot him with shoddy pistols.
THEY KILL MY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ CAT
Mate goes on a mental breakdown rampage because they killed his cat.
He slaughters them all.
Lady patches him up.
They become lovers.
They get married.
They get happier, though noone else comes for a long time.
Together, they fend off wave after wave of pirates, and the local tribe comes to our aid.
New guy comes in, HAS 15 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ POINTS IN SHOOTING
Mate gives pulse rifle to new guy.
Bugs infest us, Sniper snipes them as they walk out.
We lock them in the room to farm the jelly.
We decide there is enough in there, and slaughter most of them as they try to stop our boi from stealing jelly.
Rinse and repeat, we have a jelly farm now.
We prosper, forgetting the tragedies of the past.
We recruit 10 others, a camel, and a Panther.
We build a ship, to space we must go!
50 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pirates come in.
We hide in our space pods.
15 shooter guy guards the entrance, getting everyone inside.
Mate, now an old man, with now, a shooting skill of 11, defends the line along with his power armoured brother.
The turrets fall, and explode.
I send our emergency pet boomalope to ALAN SNACKBAR them.
Mate falls, shot many times, his armour pierced.
He is still alive, his best friend, the 15 shooter guy, kills another pirate, and picks him up. He is shot many times in the back as he runs his friend to the cryosleep module.
As he puts him in, he breaks, and kills the last of them.
Our doctor gets out, and carries him into his pod, the last one.
We leave behind 50 bodies, and a functioning colony.
There is nothing there but tragedy now.
Since this got so big, I just gotta say, you need to give the game a chance, because there is quite a big learning curve if you aren't used to it,
Posted: March 1, 2023
>be me
>finally get a good run going far enough to f*ck around a fair bit with prosthetics
>realize using my extremely basic critical thinking skills that I can use a joywire and a psychic harmonizer to make a colonist that exudes nothing but happy vibrations to help my colony
>also realize that joywire f*cks up the colonist to the point where they're completely useless
>decide that when the next raid comes i'll try take a prisoner to use as my guinea pig for my experiment
>proceed to wait like 15 f*cking decades because randy doesnt want to send me a raid when i actually want one
>when it comes I capture a guy with the abandoned child back story and turn him into a slave
>its showtime
>I preform all the operations on him and now this poor, poor soul who has more than likely never had a nice day in his life has now been reduced to a mere mood booster for my colony
>he walks around without a care in the world, like some kind of human pet, basking in forced pleasure, too euphoric to think of his situation clearly
>realize the gravity of what i have done
>start wondering if a man who has been reduced to a happy idiot via brain implant truly lives a happy life
who the f*ck needs to do a college course on philosophy when this game exists this sh*t destroys your moral fibre
Posted: January 14, 2019
it starts out like any normal game, start digging, building, learning, fighting, gathering....
then something happens and jimmy losses a couple fingers fighting some rabid dogs, not bad, everyone keeps working, tribes go to war, jimmy gets a damaged kidney and a farctured skull, but still going strong.
then disaster, jimmy loses a leg in combat defending his wife and friends, he lies in the med bay, hurt and unable to continue helping his fellow men or loving his wife.
you devote all resources to researching technology to rebuild jimmy, you won't give up, you've watched him grow, fight, love.
these are not just little robots running around, they are people, they have feelings, the get wounded, they get old and they die.
the tech comes, you bring the best doctor in and the best drugs, jimmy will survive he will get stronger....
the operation does not go as planned, jimmy dies on the table. the pain is unbearable.
WHY JIMMY, WHY DID YOU DIE!
Posted: September 18, 2022
Sprawlingly incredible.
Comparison closest, dwarf fortress.
Separation from dwarf fortress: Less required granular input to achieve success. Mods that exceed the games vast content by a factor of at least four times (14000 of them many equal to the highest level of gaming produced for money). Not dwarf centric.
Caring developer who intentionally updates in large chunks widely separated to not disrupt the mod community he respects.
Notifies of upcoming updates and helps mod creators integrate personally.
Expansion content is optional, so if a expansion comes out that you don't like, you can simply turn it off.
Very very good game, probably my favourite single player game of all time.
Posted: May 21, 2022
I put so many cybernetics onto a colonist that she became an unkillable super soldier, then she got depressed, killed everyone else and i was powerless to stop her. 10/10
Posted: August 25, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I started playing this at 7:45 AM and 5 minutes later it was midnight.
Posted: May 2, 2019
Gets repetitive eventually, I doubt you'll get more than a couple of thousand hours out of it.
Posted: September 7, 2020
I knew it was good.
I didn't know it was this good.
Posted: July 5, 2020
I'm probably not the best judge of this game. I use it to help me focus while studying. I turn it on in the background, set it to pause whenever there's an incident, play it at the slowest speed and set it to the easiest setting. The music is great and is a lot like the stuff people study too and the sound affects mix well with it. I check in on the game during my breaks. Since its a fun game all on its own I get excited to study because I've associated it with playing this game.
Posted: July 31, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
At one point the settlement had as many as twelve colonists, but bad luck dwindled the number down to three, only one of which was among the original survivors. I considered her to be our leader.
It's winter, one of my dwellers is hospitalized from a previous raid and has a deadly infection. I had our leader tending to him and administering treatment while our hunter was outside trying to replenish our dwindling food supply.
A warg proved more than our huntress could handle. She began trying to run home, but was too slow and was struck down. Our leader was already running out to save her, getting shredded with deadly claws but managing to barely kill the warg.
She dragged the hunter back to the shelter and laid her down in the bed. She bandaged her through foggy vision and gushing wounds, then lay down in the bed next to hers. The pain became too great, and she fell unconscious.
Our other settler's infection had gotten worse, but he had just enough energy to walk and care for his leader's wounds. She needed to eat or she'd starve, and on the way to fetch her some food his infection proved too great. He died in the front doorway, food in hand.
The leader awoke, completely paralyzed. She looked to her right, and saw the hunter had died in her sleep.
The leader lay there, starving and unable to move. She remembered every face she'd known through the hard years of survival. She remembered her first friends, beloved pets, and her lost husband. She remembered the grueling hardships they'd endured together. She wanted to weep, but hadn't the will.
And then she slept, never to awaken.
THIS GAME BREAKS MY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ HEART AND I LOVE IT.
These little characters will make you fall in love with them and their interactions, and they form their own stories as you play.
Then they ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ die.
Posted: December 28, 2018
Replayability? 100%
Learning curve? Aye, you will learn young one.
Fun? 100%
Mods? Supercool mods!
That's it. We need more of this kind of games instead of these multi-billion-mainly-graphics-♥♥♥♥♥-games.
Posted: September 1, 2021
A prisoner was at 100% frostbite and in a room but not getting better, so I just set the room on fire and he got better. Give a man a fire, and he's warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he's warm for the rest of his life.
