Posted: October 13, 2014
50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington.
you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar.
Then you will take out Washington because he is a ♥♥♥♥ and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long.
Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win!
But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state.
The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation.
You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence.
Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding.
You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn.
Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it?
Ghandi is a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the ♥♥♥♥ out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
Posted: January 8, 2014
You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
Posted: December 30, 2022
I suppose it was OK for the first 20,000 hours...
Posted: July 20, 2017
Love this game, I bought it for my grandpa originally and he played it non stop til he passed away. I believe he had around 600+ hours on it. So from a 66 year old and a 17 year old collectively enjoy this game.
This was the account i set up for him. when he passed he gave me the computer in his verbal will and i kept it going for him.
(edit 5/19/2021): this game continues to amaze me, the mods you can get are insane and enjoyable. I wish I could play it more for him but life does push you to do other things, 21 now and almost done with college.. this game really takes your mind off of things. I will likely continue to play this game as long as possible... whether that be from my own death or until the internet fades away... if that is even possible at this point.
∞/10 I absolutely recommend this game to the fullest extent for anyone willing to learn a game about building a civilization from the first settling to until the world is yours through Wealth, Science, Diplomacy, or Domination through your military might!
Happy playing my brothers and sisters across the World, may your conquests go without a bump in the road.
P.S. thank you for all the happy notes in the comments and on my profile. I loved and appreciate it all...
Posted: May 30, 2017
This is the best Civilization up to this point, and the DLC just made it even better. I will grant that the with all the add ons it would feel a tad crowded to anyone who hadn't played it before, but you have a crazy amount of options. The game series tagline of "one more turn" could not be more applicable.
You can strive for one of several victories: diplomatic, cultural, technological or domination. Each has its unique challengers to overcome and create a lot of the fun of the game. They are also not necessarily mutually exclusive and after completing one victory, you can go for the others. Each AI opponent has their own personality, and are pretty predictable in how they behave. Any one who has started the game next to Neopoleon or Ghengis Kahn knows they immediately have to have a decent military to repel invasion, while Ghandi will to muscle you out with religion and culture.
There are some important changes between Civilization IV and V. One of the most notable is that wars are plausible again as you dont constantly lose health in enemy territory and cities are easier to conquer. Additionally, culture doesn't automatically take over neighbor's cities anymore.
This game is easily worth the money. I'm not entirely sure how it stacks up to Civilization VI, but any game that I log 200+ hours on over a period of years and still haven't come close to doing everything is doing something right. A great game from a great series.
Posted: June 19, 2017
All I'll say is, be prepared to lose over 24 hours on one match...
Posted: March 7, 2015
Don't start it before going to bed.
[10/10]
Posted: December 8, 2014
-playing as the US
-explores and finds siam
-befriends siam
-finds greece
-greece is a butthole and invades
-gets in a war with greece
-takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest
-greece is happy
-sails to new lands and finds all other nations
-befirends russia and china
-gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam
-feels sad because everyone hates me
-makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger
-people start being nice to me
-feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly
-china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me
-I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world
-china declares war on and denounces me
-germany declares war on me
-every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me
-me and russia vs. the world
-I have 3 nukes and no one else has any
-cant make myself use them
-steamroll enemy city states south of me
-steamroll greece to the north
-steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me
-siam discovers urainum
-siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant
-must stop siam from getting nukes
-US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences
-all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts
-gunships meet uber heavy resistance
-invasion due in 2 turns
-russia is being cut off from US aid
-sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow
-fails due to being outnumbered 20:1
-D-Day in siam
-steamrolls siam until only capital left
-no sign of atomic weapons
-100,000 troops surrounding the capital
-air raid sirens
-siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops
-paras mop up and capture the capital
-sad music
-all other nations in shock
-we mourn our fallen troops
-all nations make peace in the next 4 turns
-we all are sad
-decides war must end for good
-changes course for diplomatic victory
-starts work on UN
-becomes allies with 19 city states
-all nations live in realitive peace
-finishes UN
-wins vote
-wins game
10/10 no feels like this in a game before.

Posted: November 13, 2014
It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
Posted: January 21, 2015
Alexander the great insulted my army saying they were ****
I declared war on him
he was right
Posted: April 14, 2017
My story during my 2nd playthrough*
-I choose russia
-10 turns into the game I discover babylon about 10 tiles away from moscow
- "This isn't gonna end well"
-I discover arabia and korea
-I found my 2nd city (St Petersburg)
*About 100 turns later* (little conflicts happen here and there)
-Washington and Venice discover me
-Babylon denounces me for settling too close to him
- Babylon denounces Venice because they felt like it.
*Another 50 turns passes, We discover England*
-"WOULD YOU BE INTERSETED IN A TRADE AGREEMENT WITH ENGLAND"
-Babylon sends a ton of millitary to my borders
-I Send my millitary to block him off
-Babylon denounces me for having my millitary at his borders
- "Kill me..."
-Arabia denounces me as well.
*20 turns later*
-Arabia and Babylon declare war on me and send both of their armies at St Petersburg.
-I had just discovered great war inf and they had rifles, so I had the tech advantage
-They fail at seiging St Petersburg
-I send my millitary at Babylon
-Babylon asks for peace... haha no.
-I am able to take babylon (he still has 3 cities)
-Korea and Washington praise me for taking Babylon's capital
*More turns go by, little conflicts here and there.*
-Babylon and Arabia come out of nowhere and attack Venice
-Venice doesn't stand a chance and loses its capital
-Korea is allies w/venice so he sends his army down at arabia
-Arabia and Babylon double team his army
- Washington gets involved and sends troops down to help Korea(I was allied with wahsington at this time)
-"Great, now I have to get involved..." World war 1 begins...
-I ask England if she wants to help too, but she just wanted trade agreements...
-Washington and I get involved in the war, we help korea survive this onslaught of babylon and arabia.
-Washington and I move our troops in on arabia
-Arabia asks for peace, we accept.
-Babylon does the same. World war 1 ends...
-City states decide to keep going at it, (city states broken up into whoever they allied with fight).
*More turns go by, at this point everyone was in the indusrial era, korea and I were in the atomic era.*
-Babylon attempts to embargo venice
-"The whole world except for arabia votes no.
-Venice tells babylon to **** off
-"Not this again".
-Washington and Korea denounce babylon for bullying venice. The denouncing war begins...
-Babylon denounces them for denouncing him
-Arabia Ranomly denounces England for asking for too many trade agreements. (bad idea).
*More turns go by, I think everyone was in the atomic era by now.*
-The venecians cry themselves to sleep as babylon continues to bully them.
-Washington and Korea denounce babylon again for bullying Venice, The denouncing war rages on...
-Babylon gets triggered once again and denounces them back, along with arabia.
-Babylon and arabia go at venice again...
-"You have to be joking me..."
-Korea and washington declare war on babylon and arabia. World war 2 begins...
-Babylon and arabia have the best millitaries so far, they crush koreas army and close in on one of their coastal cities.
-They begin sieging seoul...
-The british royal navy shows up and hammers the arabian army (remember when arabia denounced them, they haven't forgot about that).
-Babylon goes to war with England.
-Korea praises england for saving them
*A few turns go by*
- Washington goes to war with england and sieges york ( I guess they had some dispute before idk).
-*Grabs Popcorn* " Wtf is going on".
-England takes york back, england and america decide to keep it cool.
-Meanwhile I'm just sitting back watching all of this go down as I rush research for the space race.
-Venice shows up with their little venecian army and take their capital back
-Washington, korea and I are dying laughing.
-We hurt babylons feelings I guess, so he fires nukes at Washington.
-New york fires nukes at babylon
-I had a lot of trade routes to Washington so this effected my economy a lot *shakes in anger*.
-i have 4 nukes in reserve, I fire 1 at babylon.
-Babylon denounces me for shooting a nuke at him
-"lmao".
-Arabia gets involved and fires a nuke at St Petersburg
-I fire my last 3 nukes at his capital in anger.
-As I was doing this, I didn't realize that a Korean troop was near mecca, therefore they got hit by the nuke.
-Korea declares war on me
-Washington declares war on me
-"Kill me now"...
-I am now a few techs away from winning the space race
-Korea is right behind me though
-Washington and korea sends millitary to St Petersburg
-I hold out once again, and continue building spaceship parts
-Babylon and Arabia declare war on me
-"WTF"
-Now 4 armies are closing in on St Petersburg
-I start sending my paratroopers in all directions, along with my helicopters.
-St Petersburg is about to be taken
-England shows up just to watch it all go down.
-I'm now 2 turns away from getting the SS engine
-I send every available millitary troop to defend the engine (it was built in St petersburg on its way to Moscow)
-I get the engine a few tiles away from moscow, 1 MORE TURN
-The entire world begins to close in on moscow
-I build the space ship and launch to space, Winning a tech victory.
10/10 would flee the world on a spaceship again.

Posted: December 24, 2013
Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
Posted: November 2, 2014
I only played a little but it was fun.
Posted: March 30, 2015
I am the peaceful nation of the Celts.
We shall be the nation of religion, and of diplomacy.
This went well; we ended up next to the Babylonians, and we expanded nicely in peace. However, I have always believed in "dibs", so I placed down Glasgow onto the land between us, to provide a little buffer. They seemed annoyed by this. A few warriors glared at each other across our borders for a few hundred years, but otherwise, nothing too bad happened.
In order to spread our religion further (because we were known for our Confucian beliefs which helped us grow our borders and spread our religion faster), we begin to invest in boats. Soon we covered the oceans in missionaries, Inquisitors, and warriors to help defend our religious allies.
Babylon was making friends with a local city state, Genoa. However, they were trying to spread Zoroastrianism; those heathens! Despite both our religions being known for their peace, we passive-aggressively sent missionary and Inquisitor to Genoa. Over the course of about 700 years, we had probably burned a few thousand people for swapping religions; those same Warriors had been given spears now, but they continue to glare at each other from across the borders.
I offer Babylon some sugar for their spice; they wanted my sugar, iron, coal and all of my money. I then asked Germany if they wanted sugar for spice; they accepted.
North of me, Rome had begun a war with France. Due to my time of peace and massive amounts of trade, I found myself with a huge amount of money. Everytime France and Rome made peace, I knew that Rome was beginning to look on my relatively peaceful country with greedy eyes. So I bought... I gifted many city states my religion and gold, and then I bought... gifted France and Germany enough money to declare with with Rome.
While they fought, my Spearmen (now Musketmen) continued to glare with Babylon's, and we continued our 1500 year religious passive-aggression over Genoa. They said I was spying on them; I said I wouldn't. When my spies returned, I sent them back to Babylon. A squad of 5 Great Prophets charged into Babylon, converting left, right and centre. Babylon complained I was being a bit aggressive. I apologised. I then sent more missionaries to Babylon.
I had now found every single Civilization; we decided to have a United Nations meeting in 1600A.D. I, as the host, gave everyone a single vote. Except myself. I gave myself 16, due to my popularity. I declared my religion to be the world religion. Every one opposed. I listened to their opinions, and then passed it anyway. When Rome got angry about this, I then paid France to declare war again. When Babylon got angry, I then paid Rome to declare war on them.
My civilians were amazingly happy; hugely more than any other place. But because I was an Emperor, they declared me Declis the Terrible; despite my universal healthcare, happy citizens, peaceful religion, not a single war in my entire history and massive popularity in the word. My army consisted of mostly my friends, my city states, and my Musketmen (now Great War Infantry) continued to glare at the Babylonian Great War Infantry, after 2000+ years. A great duty to my nation, their descendants shall continue to frown at the Babylonians until the civilizations of the world fall.
Eventually we reached a grand United Nations meeting; I sat on one side of the chamber with my 12 City State friends, and the other 7 nations glared at me from the other side. I said that the People's Confucian Republican Empire of Scotland was the best nation in the world.
They all voted against me. I smiled, and then declared I won anyway.
Democracy is overrated. Freedom of religion only applies to my religion. I don't need to be stronger when I'm more popular (and my people are probably more beautiful). And if you don't like me, I'll pay your best friend to backstab you.
Through this, I came to understand American foreign policy. So Civilization is if nothing else, an educational tool.
Posted: October 28, 2016
Over 10k hours. Do I like this game? Heck yeah. Best game I have ever played.
Posted: December 1, 2013
Never. Trust. Ghandi.
Posted: July 8, 2013
CAN'T.....STOP.....PLAYING......ARRRGGGG!!!!
Very addictive and deep! It has grown wonderfully over the years and has GREAT support from the Steam Workshop. Endless replayability!
If you are new to the series, have no worries. Good ol' Sid will do you no wrong, as the tutorials will have you conquring Mongol Hordes and smacking down Washington's smarmyness in no time flat! Hours will fly by and your social life WILL suffer!! If you are a vetran of the series and have been holding out, check out the two expantion packs which add many interesting dynamics to gameplay easily making this the most exciting and in depth of the franchise.
I've had several friends sit down at my screen and start a new game, dispite them groaning about it not being an action game or something like Candy Crush (We all know the types!). Needless to say, coming back and seeing how they were doing 3+ hours later and noticing that they havn't changed position on their chair, has always been a moment that makes me smile. I have spread the addiction!!! Huzzah!
Do yourself a favor. Play this game.
Posted: July 16, 2016
You can play this game with one hand while eating food with the other.
Posted: September 23, 2015
As a Native American I was glad to finally see a game that accurately portrays our culture. I will never forget the day we built the pyramids on a grassland hill, or who could forget when we used mega death robots to destroy the incan empire for trying to convert our cities to Confuciacism. 10/10.
Posted: June 26, 2017
Civilization V is not a new game.  On the contrary, it's almost seven years ago.  Its sequel, Civilization VI, has been out for almost a year.  Despite that, I find myself repeatedly coming back to Civilization V to get my 4X (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate) strategy game fix.  Having gotten back on a Civilization kick this past week or so, I plan to review Civilization VI before too long, but before I do, I thought it would be good to go back to the game that got me full-on addicted to the series.
Civilization puts you in the role of the leader of a budding civilization, having you build from a single settler unit and a warrior unit to - hopefully - a massive empire turning the world green with envy with your religion, culture, science, economy, and military might.  The base game includes 18 unique civilizations, each with their own unique units, traits, strengths, and weaknesses.  There are two major expansions that add an additional 18 civilizations along with a few more minor DLC packs that add another seven civilizations for a grand total of 43.  It's not just the in-game differences that make these civilizations unique but the detail that went into them; every civilization leader is fully animated and complete with lines of dialogue spoken in the leader's native tongue.  For example, when interacting with the Romans, you'll see Augustus, the first Roman Emperor, fully animated with lines recorded in Latin.  When interacting with the Aztecs, you'll see Moctezuma I (no, that's not a typo) speaking Nahuatl.  While it's not exactly a work of historical fact, obviously, as a history teacher, the amount of detail that went into the leaders and their presentation makes me absolutely giddy.
Civilization V offer five different paths of victory.  Of course, you have the tried and true domination victory in which you must crush your enemies.  As of the Brave New World expansion, you must control all players' original capitals including your own to achieve a domination victory, meaning that you could technically win through domination without actually wiping out a single civilization.  Leaving them alive, however, will obviously give them incentive to retaliate and rid their capital of your filth.  You also have the option of a science victory, requiring you to complete certain research projects, build, and be the first to launch a starship to Alpha Centauri.  Cultural victory involves making your culture so vibrant and desirable through various policy upgrades (that, in turn, end up influencing your Tourism) that other civilizations' citizenry all start to prefer your culture over any other.  Diplomatic victory involves progressing to the point where the World Congress is created and then develops into the United Nations.  From there, you must attain enough votes from your own delegates as well city-states or - if they have no sense of self-preservation - other empires to be elected "world leader" by the UN.  The last victory type is the time or score victory.  Unless this victory type is disabled, whoever has the highest total score by 2050 AD (that's turn 500 on standard speed) is the winner.  Score is determined by pretty much everything - gold in your treasury, units you possess, research you've done, territory you control, the number of cities in your empire, the population of your empire....it's an exhaustive list, but the idea is straightforward - the highest score wins.  Of these various victory types, cultural is probably the most obscure due to the less-than-straightforward relation between the culture that generates your policy upgrades and the tourism stat that actually triggers the victory.
My favorite thing about Civilization is that it can be as confrontational as you want it to be.  If you want to, you can start wrecking ♥♥♥♥ right off the bat.  If you're more into the empire building aspect than the empire conquering aspect like me, you can build up your empire relatively peacefully, maintaining just a defensive army (or no army) and focusing on science, culture, and city growth.  Diplomacy, while having some flaws in Civ V, allows for relatively peaceful interactions as well as confrontation with various trade options and a few different kinds of pacts you can pursue with other nations.  Making all of this better is the option of playing online with a mix of people and CPUs.  My favorite thing to do is play with a couple of friends and handful of computer players and - hopefully - keep a relatively cooperative, peaceful relationship with my human counterparts.  It's a lot like Risk in that there are some backroom deals going on but unlike Risk, avoiding confrontation is a perfectly viable option.
Civilization V was, in my opinion, the absolute pinnacle of strategy game perfection at the time of its release.  As my first "main" Civilization game (excluding the spin-off Civilization Revolution), it's secured both a very special place in my heart as well as the status of being my primary point of reference when playing any other Civilization or 4X strategy game.  While there are a few areas that I think could have been improved, it's still a definite masterpiece of strategy design.  The detail of the maps, the variety of strategic and luxury resources to claim and exploit, the diplomatic aspects, the number of different victory types, and the diverse array of civilizations from which to choose all make this game truly mind blowing when you stop and think about it.  If you have any interest at all in strategy games, I'd give this one a go.  With Civilization VI having been on the market for nearly a year, Civ V isn't too pricey these days, and it's still an amazing experience, and that's even before you take into account the various (and often hilarious) mods on the Steam Workshop that you can download.  Of all the games I've recommended, this is one of the most highly recommended, hands down.
Posted: February 17, 2020
As a founding player of Sid Meier's Civ game and playing for some 20+ years I think I have a bit of a idea of this game.... I still have my copies on floppy disk, CD & DVD. There have been a lot of changes to this game, some for the better and many for the determent to interactive game play, not to mention the fails on the bugs and crashes along the way.
But with all the hype and add ons aside I find this ( Civ V with personal settings ) to be the best format for me. It still has a few glitches which will obviously never be fixed, but after some 14369 hours played I think I have worked around most of them.
I am 70 years of age and still conquer the world (On my computer at least). I average from 5,000 to 8,000 points a game and don't think too hard on the strategy and I rarely lose a unit in any game.
So my recommendations are chose this platform and game edition.
Maybe when they fix some of the more recent editions I will continue to try them again. But until that day (if ever), happy gaming.
Jim

Posted: November 21, 2018
You shouldn't tolerate the new launcher.
This is setting a standard that flies in the face of a full release pay-to-play game, keep your adverts for f2play freemium titles or not at all.
I'll remove this review if they make any meaningful change to this situation.
To get rid of the new launcher see below:
*FIX*
For people who the new launcher doesn't work for, or who just don't want to have to load adverts every time they launch their game, you can revert the the old CIV 5 launcher using the following steps:
Open up Steam and navigate to your LIBRARY.
Right click on the game in your library and choose "Properties."
Selected the "BETAS" tab.
In the text box to "Enter beta access for to unlock private beta:" enter the password "ineedlegacyaccess".
Click on the "CHECK CODE" button.
You should see a confirmation message that access has been granted.
If not already selected in the drop down, select "legacy" and click close.
Steam may require you to download and update for the game. Wait for this to happen or force it using "LIBRARY -> DOWNLOADS".
Once the game has been updated, click "PLAY" as usual and you will be running the legacy branch.
Credit: u/pedal_pusher
Posted: March 30, 2015
- played as Arabia on a large earth map
- started in Europe with Brazil below me
- captured Brazil's capital city because it look nice
- turtled half the game before finding out I was coming second
- RUSSIA WAS FIRST
- the only one between me and victory
- Russia (who spawned in Siberia) wiped out Egypt and Japan (which were around Kazakhstan)
- Russia has an army 3 TIMES the size of mine despite -2000 gold per turn
- Russia has like 30 cities somehow
- Russia's capital is in the middle of those 30 cities
- Russia was sill ahead in tech, yet had NEGATIVE 2000 GOLD PER TURN
- operation cold war was now in effect
- allied with Korea (who was above turkey) and every city state near Russia to use as a shields
- sent 2 nukes along with a fleet of 15 ships across the world to get as close to the capital as possible
- still wasn't close enough
- Russia's building the space ship faster than I can
- sent xcom squads to the city states closest to the capital
- ATTACK
- cue Skyrim music
- sent ships into the sea of Okhotsk
- oh crap Russia was prepared
- was met with a blockade of nuclear submarines
- but the nukes must go through
- punched a hole in the blockade with my cruisers
- my ships sinking left and right
- sent the cruiser with the nukes as far in as possible
- both Russia and I are on our last spaceship part
- the range on the bombs is just close enough
- FIRE THE NUKES
- SEND IN THE XCOM SQUADS
- captured Russia's capital!
- no ships made it out though, their sacrifices will be honored
- most intense battle I ever fought
- one turn later and France wins a cultural victory
- WHAT THE HELL FRANCE
great game 8.5/10
Posted: November 10, 2014
Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
Posted: June 4, 2018
You know that game Civ 6 yeah? Imagine that but good.
Posted: July 14, 2017
I don't have a lot of hours put in, so I suppose I should instead describe my third game rather than give a review.
4000 B.C.
Just chilling with my austrian settlers and warriors.
A little nervous because it's my first time playing on Normal difficulty, I think it was called Prince or King.
Here we go.
Establish my city, begin constructing my monument, and predetermine my Technology route to Education. I'm in it for the long game baby.
Set my warriors to auto explore, find two ruins in a row that boost them up to pikeman.
They encounter camp after camp, steamrolling through them to discover a bunch of city states.
Get two policies real quick.
Finally meet my first civ.
It's Ghandi.
I played with him before, he was pretty chill.
100 turns later.
I've met Washington, Sejong, the russians, Ghenghis Khan, England, two native american dudes, and Nepolian. Some minor skirmishes, but I've been focusing my tech so I've avoided war.
Everyone's kind of cool, my economy is strong, and I'm ahead of everyone by an entire era. Only problem is my army is a little weaker.
Approaching 1300 A.D.
Diplomatic Marriage a city state right on the border of Russia.
She denounces me.
well♥♥♥♥youtoothen
I never liked her anyway, so I denounce her back.
She declares war.
I laugh as my six city state allies and three civ friends all declare war on her.
I don't have to be strong, I just have to have a lot of friends.
Watch with glee as they all advance on her, decimating her four cities and clearing out her capital.
I make sure I always have one unit to take the final hit so I can capture the city.
She cries in defeat and curses my name, and I happily swallow her empire.
1500 A.D.
Getting kinda bored just switching units around and building things, so I declare war on Sejong just because.
Uh oh.
I ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up big.
He had a lot of friends.
England, the two native americans, and Washington all declare war on me.
Ghengis had been wiped out early by Sejong because he was a greedy piece of ♥♥♥♥.
I had stopped caring about the city-state thing, so I only have one ally there.
My only friend is Ghandi.
Because I've got a leaping start on my tech, I quickly research up to musketmen.
1600 A.D., and swarms of cannons and musketmen rush to protect my empire.
It's a long and hard battle, I lose a city, I reclaim it and take someone elses, over and over.
Ghandi has already sued for peace, he's been beaten and broken.
It's me against the world.
Thankfully I had a reserve of gold, so purchasing troops isn't a problem.
Finally, it's 1800 A.D.
After 200 years of war, I've come out on top.
It's just me, Ghandi, and Nepolian.
My economy is strong, my army is huge, but my people aren't very happy.
Revolts happen every two turns, so I have all of my cities focused on building recreational buildings, i.e. zoos and circuses, etc. etc.
Falling behind in building
1900 A.D.
Nepolian and me are squaring off on each other, denouncing one another whenever possible and picking policies just to spite the other.
I see at the corner of my screen that a spy has stolen secrets, so I immediately declare war on Nepolean. Don't know if it was him, but at the same time I do, the short little ♥♥♥♥.
It's a short war, all of my troops roll over to America and crush him.
I don't really understand the whole Ghandi hate, he's pretty chill. He helps me out whenever he can, and lent me some troops to fight the french douche.
1950
A notification pops up that I almost miss.
"Ghandi has completed the Manhattan Project".
Good for him, I'm still 11 turns away from it, trying to even out my tech tree. Maybe we can progress through the game and tie at a science victory, I don't know, I was naive then.
A few turns pass, and I've completed the Manhattan Project, and have mined all the uranium available.
Immediately Ghandi's smiling face pops up on my screen, greeting me and offering a ♥♥♥♥ load of resources and gold for Uranium.
Warmed by the generosity over some silly old Uranium, I give it to him for just 10 gold extra a turn.
Ghandi and I are friends, friends help each other.
1970.
All of my troops are in the ocean, coming back to the mainland.
And then it happens.
The thing I never thought would.
Ghandi's smiling face, which I had once thought held nothing but gentle warmth and kindness, now twisted in a sadistic grin.
He's declaring war.
In horror I watch as his troops move into my borders, storming my enormous empire now completely defenseless due to my war with France.
And then I hear them.
Oh God did I hear them.
The sirens.
They flew in slow motion from his bases, moving like some horrible, terrible metallic bird of brey over my cities. I watch on helplessly, powerless to stop them.
And then the flash.
My entire screen goes white, and I hear the screams as the blast eradicates my citizens.
I watch the health plummet, the green 15's and 20's down to 0. I see the smoke and fog curling from my lands, radiation bleaching it of life.
I finally storm onto the beaches of my once flourishing empire, but it's too late.
Ghandi has taken over.
He begins to systematically erase my troops, before sailing over seas and taking over the Americas.
And finally, finally I understand why the Ghandi fear existed.
10/10, would be betrayed by Ghandi again.
Posted: November 23, 2019
Still prefer Civ 5 over Civ 6.
Posted: August 16, 2015
I passed my history exams with my knowledge of the great war of 1956 between Fascist India dictated by Gandhi the Terrible against Communist America.
Posted: November 10, 2017
A year after the Civ VI release, and this game is still better.
HIGHLY recommended you buy the complete edition. The expansions in this game really do make it that much better.
I also recommend you install a high quality balance mod. Without one, you're pretty much forced to run the Tradition and Rationalism policy trees EVERY game.
Posted: April 7, 2014
> build the Great Wall of Portugal
> lose the nuclear arms race to Gandhi
> bring the tenets of Judaism to every corner of Germany
> construct the Great Pyramids of Honolulu
> make Ethiopia the most well fed civilization in the world
> share your Crabs with friends to make them happy
10/10, would give Crabs to Queen Isabella again.

Posted: June 22, 2017
I've never had evenings disappear quite so quickly as they do when playing this.
Posted: December 21, 2013
Say goodbye to your life.
Posted: May 9, 2015
My favorite part of history was when Ghandi built the Great wall in 4000 BC for his Jewish army.
10/10, helped me with history class.
Posted: June 1, 2022
Still better than Civ VI
Posted: June 24, 2018
my fathers go-to while he does his dialysis treatments, which explains the 5,400+ hours of gameplay. why does he only pick USA? patriotism? i don't know.
Posted: June 16, 2023
BETTER THAN CIVILIZATION 6
Posted: June 23, 2017
Me: Hey Gandhi wanna be friends?
Gandhi: Yes, let the world be envious of our friendship
*200 turns go by*
Gandhi has constructed the Manhattan project
Me: Oh it will be okay
*3 turns later*
Gandhi: To be honest, I never really liked you. So it is time for you to die. (aka Declares war)
*Gets nuked by Gandhi*
11.342/10 would get nuked again
Posted: May 26, 2018
This is a warning. This game is too much fun and should not be played before you go to bed.
There have been times where my friends or I think we have only played for 1 hour and only look at the clock only to realise we have played for over 8 hours and it is 4am in the morning.
Should you get this game?
Yes.
Will this game mess with your sense of time?
Yes it will.
Posted: October 14, 2018
You'll keep telling yourself, "Just one more turn," or "I can't get off while I'm at war," and then suddenly you'll realize it's four in the morning, you haven't written that paper for college, you have class in four hours, and you haven't slept at all. 10/10. Would recommend for that procrastinator in your life.
Posted: November 25, 2013
Having not a great deal of experience with previous Civilization games, I was expecting myself to find this installment of the series hard to get the hang of, imagining myself spending hours trying to work out how to start up a civilization that will "stand the test of time". Instead, I found the game to be extremely helpful and newbie-friendly. Like other strategy games, you learn the basics then gradually build up a better understanding of the game and its mechanics, feeling more and more like a pro with every minute gone by. After about four hours playing I felt pretty confident, but even today I am learning things I never knew or had any comprehension of in the game. The simplicity which has been introduced to help newcomers coupled with the fact that the game maintains the same look and feel with older generations is a really positive thing that was pulled off very well.
The game offers serious levels of depth due to the vast number of playable races, multiple methods to seek victory and the ability to play on completely randomly generated maps every game, with available templates to choose from if so desired. I have only played a handful of games right to the very end since they can last for many days, especially if each session isn't particularly long. Every game feels very different to the next, providing this title with a lot of replayability.
The AI is sometimes criticised but I think that it is well done in this game with a large range of difficulty levels to choose from, ranging from literally zero experience to the grandmaster level. They can often be somewhat unpredictable but I personally see that as a good thing, I mean, what's the point in playing such an in-depth strategic game like Civilization V when you can anticipate what the AI will most likely do? Part of the magic of this game is that it immerses you into the position of a leader, facing situations where you have to make decisions on the spot with no idea what your opponent is going to do.
Overall this is a great game worthy of your money, but I would advise waiting for it to come on sale as it frequently does, it isn't the newest game in the world either.
Posted: May 8, 2020
My wife divorced me
Posted: January 3, 2014
I'll write this review in a sec... just one more turn....
Posted: May 5, 2023
9014 hours played, still play daily, either great game or my 64 year old life sucks lol
Posted: May 16, 2015
havent spent enough time to give my full opinion, but its good

Posted: December 7, 2022
Civ4 released - Playing Civ4
Civ5 released - Playing Civ5
Civ6 released - Playing Civ5
Don't look at my played hours, it's just 1 game at marathon speed)
Posted: November 26, 2013
Civilization V is the thinking man's game. It doesn't require lightning reflexes, speed or precision, however it is probably one of the most complex games ever created.
You're able to pick one of many civilizations to guide from 4000BC to the Present, allowing you to shape their culture, military and economic structure among others. You control everything, from where to build a city, how you allocate resources, scientific research, religion, espionage, tourism, corporations, and more.
The game has an extremely intricate diplomacy system as well which allows for you to befriend or antagonize the other civilizations. There are multiple ways to win a game, allowing for multiple play-styles.
As someone who has been playing the Civilization games for over 20 years, I strongly recommend Civilization V with all of its DLC.
Civilization V has also made our list for the top 35 games of the generation. To see where it ranks, here's the video:
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
If you enjoyed this review, feel free to follow me as a Steam Curator: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/4886473/
Posted: March 2, 2021
A good time waster
Posted: November 23, 2016
I played as an arabian country
then I discovered oil
2 Turns later: "America has declared war on us!"
9/11 for historical Accuracy
Posted: June 12, 2023
WARNING : This game can cause sudden time travel !!!
( it may be saturday evening...-- " just... one... more... turn..." -- and it's suddenly monday morning )
Posted: June 2, 2021
When I was first married, I used to get annoyed at how long my husband would spend playing this game. Then he taught me how to play it. Now I'm right there with him!
Posted: April 24, 2016
what can I say. This is my GO TO game when I get tired of playing other games. I havwe been playing Civ since the very firdt one came out and for turn based stategy you cannot get a better game
Posted: April 7, 2022
Better than civilization 6
Posted: October 2, 2019
You need to buy Civ 6 to truly appriciate how good Civ 5 is.
Posted: May 9, 2014
It was 8pm, 5 minutes later its 2am
10/10
Posted: November 21, 2021
Better than Civ 6.
Posted: November 4, 2015
Teacher-Alright class, what is the significance of Machu Pichu?
Me-+5 Gold for the Civilization.
10/10 Would pass world history agian.
Posted: October 11, 2017
"Hello, would you like to make a declaration of friendship?"
'Sure buddy!"
-10 turns later-
YOU HAVE BEEN DENOUNCED
Posted: December 18, 2016
What is the greatest lie told by human kind?
JUST
ONE
MORE
TURN
Posted: December 4, 2020
Classic
Posted: October 15, 2014
Civ 5 is the kind of game where you can try to be nice and befreind everyone, but you will get denounced. they will murder your people and pillage your cities. When you attempt to fight back you are labeled a warmonger, and obviously the only way to stop getting warmonger penalties is to slaughter all those that oppose you right? If you destroy 1 civ might as well destroy them all because they will not let you live that down. Also Ghandi Destroyer of worlds will wreck you if you don't give him all your uranium for him to build nukes to nuke you with. 10/10 would fight Ghandi Destroyer of Worlds again
Posted: August 22, 2022
I like this one better than VI.
Posted: April 30, 2018
CIv V > Civ VI
Posted: December 15, 2014
I'm allowed to discover the Internet before even inventing computers.
Impeccable.
10/10
Posted: June 20, 2017
best game ever made. EAT.CIV.SLEEP repeat
Posted: August 8, 2021
better than civ 6

Posted: April 25, 2016
Sleep-destroyer...
If I don't have at least 10 hours in front of me I don't start Civ V.
Technically I Can save and reload whenever I want.
But in reality, I can't stop. Game is that good.
Posted: January 9, 2023
Better than 6
Posted: June 10, 2017
121 hours in and I have no thought to stop playing this game, really great.
Pros:
- Games last a long time and there's lots of variety per civilization and its playstyle, almost impossible to have a similar game you've had before.
- Combat system very simple
- VERY FUN
- Good for history geeks
1/2Pro 1/2 Con
- Might need to do some research on some subjects within the game, not sure if this is bad in some people's opinions, but it can be intriguing for me.
Cons:
- Once you're 100 hours in or so, it becomes more boring by yourself and you usually need friends.
- DLC is (almost) necessary, it makes it much more fun and the game is a lot more dry without it (Without DLC it's still great though).

Posted: November 24, 2016
Winner of The “Just 5 More Minutes” Award!!!!
Posted: October 18, 2014
"Just one more turn." Oh, you thought you were gonna play for 15 minutes? Nope, you're playing for 15 hours.
Posted: November 3, 2023
better than civ 6
Posted: September 16, 2017
One...More...Turn...
Still better than Civ 6
Posted: June 10, 2019
Product received for free
---{Graphics/Art Style}---
☐ It's the Matrix
☑ Beautiful
☐ Meh
☐ Paint.exe
☐ It looks like that one Rambo game everyone forgot about
---{Gameplay}---
☑ Fantastic
☐ Good
☐ Meh
☐ Having just the base controls doesn't count as gameplay
☐ Staring at walls is better
---{Audio}---
☐ Audiophile's wet dream
☑ Good
☐ Meh
☐ Early 1990's TV static sounds better
☐ Crickets
---{Music}---
☐ Mick Gordon's music or equivalent
☑ Good
☐ Meh
☐ It's not winning any awards
☐ Nickelback level of quality
---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run minesweeper
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
☐ Better go buy a bitcoin miner
---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'A'
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / hard to master
☐ Don't play if you have anger issues
☐ VVVVVV permadeath
---{Grind}---
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ 2017 Battlefront II :)
---{Story}---
☑ Not applicable
☐ Immersive, you could live in this world
☐ Has depth and character development
☐ Meh
☐ Something is better than nothing, I suppose
☐ About as good as the plot of the new Star Wars movies
---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ The fun never ends (open world/sandbox/multiplayer only)
---{Replayability}---
☐ Not applicable
☐ Don't bother playing it at all
☐ Once is fine, maybe twice for collectibles
☑ Worth playing every year or so
☐ Multiple endings
☐ Yes, it's just that good
---{Bugs}---
☑ Never heard of any
☐ Minor issues
☐ Can get annoying, but not game breaking
☐ Was this game made by Bethesda?
☐ hl2.exe has stopped working
---{Worth Paying For?}---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth every penny
☐ Wait for a sale
☐ If you have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
10/10 would get nuked by Gandhi again.
Posted: May 18, 2020
better than civ 6, sorry bois
Posted: December 21, 2017
Just one more turn...
Still superior to Civ: BE & Civ VI.
Posted: October 20, 2017
When I want to play Civilization V I scroll to the C section of my library and stare for a moment trying to find the game until I realize this game is under S because Sid Meier is a crazy person.
Posted: March 9, 2018
8:02 am -Just gonna play few turns
5:31 pm -Finally my nuke is ready and i can win.
Posted: January 9, 2019
Still better than Civ 6.
Posted: November 8, 2017
Iphone X	50 copies of Civ 5 Complete-Edition
$999.99	$999.50
Posted: June 7, 2015
So finally nearly 600 hours in Civi V and finally I believe I can give it a fair review.
So lets get the obv out of the way is Civi V good ? Yes otherwise I wouldn´t have spent 600 hours in it and still booting it up now and then.
Civi V lacks nothing on graphics or gameplay, it is top of the line and there it is 100´s of mods for those who wishes to change their gameplay in anyway possible.
Civi V is not as detailed or brutally hard as the former games in this installment, however that is a great thing in my eyes as it gets a lot of new players to test out the series that the rest of us have enjoyed for so many years.
The DLC`s Gods & Kings and Brave New World adds a lot of the things we are use to from ealier series and is diffenetly worth getting for anyone who likes the more complex version of the Civi series, that beeing said the other DLC`s is mainly just new maps or new nations to play with and really only something you should pickup if you are a huge fan or on sale.
So Civi is as it always have been, you start with a settler and one more unit and here you go form a nation that will stand the test of time. There is multiple ways to achive victory and it is important that you play to your nations strenghts and use your enemies weaknesses through the different time periods of our planet. This is classic Civi after all.
Tho do not let it fool you, Civi is a game that takes a long time often 6+ hours pr map and often one nation is just gonna hate you more than anyone else, in my case it was Poland wich wanted to nuke and kill me no matter what, they did a good job sometimes too.
All in all a great game and a great installment of the Civi series that brings a lot of new players and a lot of life into the series, so if you like complex games that takes time and patience then make sure you pick it up!
Posted: November 29, 2014
I lost my home, my job, and my wife and kids left me because of "just one more turn"
10/10
Posted: January 28, 2022
I miss my wife
Posted: March 2, 2018
I played this a little. Its really cool.
Posted: February 20, 2015
Still Addicted after 5 years of playing it. No need to make other games on my behalf
Posted: January 27, 2019
"One more turn" always ends up being five more hours... too addicting!
Posted: December 12, 2016
Purchase this game if:
+ Well-developed, immersive strategy games are your cup of tea
+ After 40+ hours, you want a game that you're still discovering new things in, refining your skills
+ Sometimes, you think about conquering the world with your rich Bollywood culture
Don't purchase this game if:
+ Finals are literally looming over you because you will fail them, son
+ Really if you don't have the time or patience (no judgement) for a potentially longish game
One of my favorite games on earth. If you haven't got it, get it; if you already have it, continue loving it. (Huge, active modding community and grandose music are a plus, too.)
9.83/10
Posted: May 12, 2016
>First time playing Civ V
>Pick America
>Build capital on a river that's five tiles inland
>Meet Siam around turn 20
>he's scared of me
>don't worry I tell him and I make good ally out of him
>fast forward 1000 years
>The both of us raid Saudi Arabia
>because I was a old civ 4 player, I didn't really know much about the city defense function.
>I manage to capture two cities and add 'new' to their names while Siam takes the last remaining 7
>Fast forward another 1000 years
>I have a colony over seas
>working on a diplomacy win
>Friends with everybody but England
>England is south of me past a barren desert under influence of me Siam and India
>England denounces me
>I invade England along with Ghenghis Khan as an ally
>I'm using war Great Infantry
>England is defending a mainly hilly region of 11 cities with pikemen
>Take all of England's cities but one because I feel bad
>10 Turn promise of no war makes it impossible for me to protect England's last city from being razed by Ghengis Khan
>Oh well
>Oil is discovered a 100 years later
>A oil plot is in the desert between me and my English territories
>I buy it
>Siam suddenly flips his ♥♥♥♥
>He warns me a first turn
>He denounces me a second turn
>I know what's coming third turn
>I'm the second largest military and advanced technological nation in the world
>Siam is first by a large margin
>My capital is on the border of southern Siam heartland
>bulk of my forces is in England Territories as I believed in a single unit per a city policy
>Use diplomatic ties to get Defensive pacts quickly with Russia, India, China, Polynesia, France, Inca and use money to purchase City state help
>I activate all my stored Great engineers and scientists for a golden era and sciences
>War comes third turn
>I take the hit as my northern Cities and my capital take a 15 minute bombing on each city a piece
>India is too south to make major a difference
>everyone else just have naval battles with Siam
>I realize I'm not going to win a land battle as Siam has tanks and modem infantry plus bombers while I still have Great War Infanty
>World War I is in full swing 1930
>I lose my Main land
>I only have a colony left with remnants of my navy
>a cruiser and a carrier with 2 fighters
>use diplomacy to get oil and build colonies on islands w/ oil
>build mega fleet
>invade Siam
>destroy all his costal cities
>have intense fighter support to stop his cold
>I'm too far away and my forces are to spread out for him to use nukes
>I get atom technology
>I Nuke Siam's capital
>He surrenders
>I force him to give me back my original costal cities and capital
>I put him in a depression as I get every other nation on the treaty
>world at peace
>Make a spree of extra trade treaties with with India as he was my major ally in the war against Siam
>But history repeats itself
>World war 2 comes around 1980
>Ghandi nukes me and everybody around him in a unexpected surprise attack
>I didn't know about ghandis hidden nuclear genocide feature
>He launches a land surprise attack in my re acquired mainland
>He takes it
>Ghandi then gets a space victory shortly after
I rather would had lost to Siam then a traitor
♥♥♥♥ Ghandi
Posted: October 22, 2022
The best CIV, in my opinion.
Posted: December 1, 2019
The most epic and fun Civilization game up to date. This is after playing Beyond Earth and 6. This is the best turn-by-turn based game. I have over 8000 hours and counting.
Posted: December 24, 2014
I dunno how I've dropped more than 2000 hours into this game, but it's well worth it. Different game every time.
Posted: May 30, 2021
Better than civ 6
Posted: July 13, 2016
I made 6 nukes then used my UN votes to pass a non-nuclear proliferation so no one else could build them.
Ghandi wasn't happy.
11/10 would bomb again.
Posted: May 29, 2016
Gandhi has completed the Manhattan Project.
Posted: January 13, 2020
civ 5 is still better than civ 6
Posted: July 2, 2020
It's very hard to describe a Civilization game in great detail without starting to ramble.
If you take nothing else from this review, know that Civilization V is more inviting, fun, and engrossing than any lengthy description can truly convey.
Posted: December 4, 2015
I can sum this game up in one game play.
I play as China.
I found Judaism.
I spread Judaism to Germany.
The Germans love being a bunch of Jews...
I spread it to India.
Gandhi tells the Jews to go get ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
The Aztecs wipe out the Spainish.
World War 1 starts as a result in 1756.
The mostly neutral Siamese get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for being mostly neutral.
I follow Freedom.
Newly Communist America tells me to go ♥♥♥♥ myself cause they really hate 'China, Land of the Free.'
So I tell America to go get ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
India becomes Facist under the supreme dictator Gandhi, who also happens to hate Jews.
I tell India to go ♥♥♥♥ themselves.
World War 2 starts as a result in 1998.
Its a nuclear war.
The Aztecs went to war with 5 civs with a military completely made up of horses and sticks.
India nukes 4 different civs within 4 turns (including me.)
I nuke India back.
Everyone hates me for retaliating and ending the war before more blood could be shed saving countless civilian lives.
Under the evil rule of dictator Sejong, facist Korea has some how come to rule an entire continent within all the chaos.
Korea tells me to go get ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
Siam tells me to go get ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
Germany tells me to get ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
7 civs declare war on me at once.
i r8 8/8 its gr8 m8.
Posted: July 10, 2016
I can never forget that day.
The day when my grandpa died.
I was only 8.
He called me to his bedside and whispered to me, in a voice feeble yet somewhat unsatisfied.
He said to me, "My lovely grandson, I have nothing to give you in this life, as I have been poor and unfortunate,"
"Money and fortune, women and sex, lush and class, I can give you none."
I wasn't feeling any bit of dissapoint, as I knew very well of him, of his life, of his potential, of the legacy he could leave to his descendants.
And then there was, as I remembered correctly, a short silence.
"Except for this."
My hand was tightly grabbed and, the next thing I remembered, was a 4-GB-black-Kingston-flash-drive-like object being secretly put in my hand, so secretly that not even the people around me had noticed.
"Finish my life's work." Those were his last words.
After years and years of attempting to figure out just what that only file in the flash drive was, here I was, sitting in front of my laptop, Civ 5 was released.
The next thing happened can only explained by me as providence: I copied the file to civ 5 save folder, opened civ 5, attempted to load the file.
It loaded.
It was a Marathon game, on its 284th turn.
There was only one city left, and it was surrounded by enemies' scouts.
The city health bar was already depleted, and I had 23 workers that were, even the closest ones, at least ten tiles away from my city.
........................................
Years have passed.
There is, like the beginning, only one city left.
Except that one city, is the only one not owned by me.
My right hand trembled as I reached the "Annex the city" button, never knowing the cause of the tremble being either years of non-stop playing, or the fact that I am now only one button away from fulfilling my grandfather's wish.
I looked out the window, tears in both my eyes formed two vertical lines across my face.
Noticed the image in the window, the reflection of yet another old man with eyeful of tears, crying, yet satisfied.
I stared at the blue sky, whispered:
"I finished your work, grandpa."
Posted: January 14, 2018
☺ Ideal Consumer
☐ Kids
☐ Adults
☑ Everyone
☐ Casual players
☐ Pro players
☼ Graphics
☐ Atari
☐ Ugly
☐ Needs refinement
☑ Average
☐ Good
☐ Beautiful
☐ Masterpiece
$ Price/quality
☑ Worth full price
☐ 25% Off
☐ 50% Off
☐ 75% Off
☐ Worthless game
☣ Difficulty
☐ No tutorial needed
☐ Slight learning curve
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Tutorials needed
☐ Use all resources to help learn
🕒 Game time/length
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☐ Long ( 12+ hours)
☑ Endless
📖Story
☑ Nonexistent (each play is a unique story you make)
☐ Disappointing
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Fantastic
🐞 Bugs
☐ A pile of Ajit Pie
☐ Lot of bugs
☐ Few Bugs
☑ Minimal/Unnoticeable bugs
The Good
The gameplay is highly addictive, "One more turn!"
Lots of civilization diversity to choose from
Many routes lead to victory of the game
Since no particular story exists, it has near-infinite replayability
The Bad
Expansions are highly recommended as the game feels more complete with them. (buy GOTY/complete edition)
You discover your inner war-monger
Ghandi is going to nuke you if he gets the chance
Late game on large maps require a lot of time to process AI decisions
Bottom Line
9/10 Civilization V is another amazing game from a tried and true series of strategy board-game-esque video games, the expansions for the game add a lot of elements that should have been present to begin with but are very welcomed nonetheless. This is an amazing friday night game to play with your friends - you think Monopoly turns people evil? - just wait until your "friends" are stealing your territory and luxury resources and plotting paper-thin alliances; This is definitely a game most people would enjoy, I highly recommend!
Posted: January 22, 2015
SID MEIER'S CIVILISATION V - Just one more turn?
|| 9 ||
	Score	Comment
Graphics	8	Visuals are simple but pleasing, good textures on the landscape tiles, nicely detailed units with lots of variety, good animations and an intuitive unobtrusive UI. Zooming in and out on units, cities and terrain allows you see all the little details while also giving you the ability to see the "big picture" strategic view. Graphics are vastly improved from previous games in the series. If I had one wish I guess it would be to have your cities and their buildings represented better visually. Cities grow and spread with population and advance with technology/era and have several different styles depending on the nation you select, and the building of wonders will add the wonder to the area surrounding your city but it would be great to have further customisation of your cities so you could really make them your own. The Civilopedia (like an in game wiki) is a little difficult to navigate and while informative could use some work.
Audio	8	Game Music is relaxing and fitting, from the dawn of civilisation, the age of exploration or the grand age of empire building it just seems to work well and I very rarely feel the need to turn down the music volume (as I do with other games). The ambient sound is excellent, move your screen to a coastal area and you will hear the wash of the sea, select your boats and you will here the crack of oars or ring of their bell. The little touches and details like these really make the game a joy to play.
Gameplay	9	Civilisation is a turn based 4X (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate) game, a game of grand strategy & micromanagement, a game where the objective is to grown your civilisation and eventually conquer all through Technology, Culture, Diplomacy and Military might. This is by no means a simple game, it takes time to truly learn and fully appreciate but once you get into a game your hooked. Civilisation is by far the most addictive game (maybe with the exception of certain MMORGP's) out there. The "just one more turn" is a running joke because you will often find yourself planning on playing just one more turn to build something or win a battle and then you will look to the clock and find several hours have past. The start of the game is exciting, turns move quickly and you see your planning quickly realised, mid game you must continue your expansion and put in place what you will need to win. The only place where I feel this game falls down is late in the game, by this point sometimes there will be a clear winner, technology advancement will slow and your empire will often be so massive and units so numerous that just taking your turn can take quite a lot of time. Overall though gameplay is outstanding. The AI can be a little quirky at times but for the most part is challenging and tactically sound. Relationships between civilisations are all based on their predisposition and events which occur throughout the game and can therefore be somewhat predictable.
Story	8	The Story of history rewritten, the story of civilisation, so many details make up this game and so much background history on every aspect (via the civilopedia). The DLC add's on (amongst other things) quests which add to the story but in truth these add little to the game. The narrative is really what you make it, the interaction between the leaders of the other civilisations, all struggling for power, the alliances and conflicts mean there is very rarely a time of true peace or a dull moment.
Replayability	10	Fully customisable random maps, different scenarios, different civilisations and leaders. Make your own maps and scenarios, full integrated into steam workshop with hundreds of brilliant mods. It all adds up to a different experience each time and near infinite replayability.
Multiplayer	6	This is not an easy game to play multiplayer, the nature of the game means that you will all need a large amount of time to play a game through to completion, which may be problematic (especially with friends in different timezones or for people with connection issues). The most enjoyable aspect of multiplayer I found was the hotseat mode. In this mode you play locally and multiple players take the game in turns (like a boardgame), once again the time required to get near the end means you could be in for a very long (but very enjoyable) game.
Overall
	9	While some purists will prefer the earlier Civ games in the series, I feel that Civ 5 (and especially with the main DLCs) is a worthy successor. It has the right level of difficulty and depth, much improved visuals and solid gameplay which will make you wonder where the hours went.
More reviews by Fancy Fish
Agree / Disagree? Please leave me a comment -
Posted: January 15, 2015
For those who are deciding whether or not to purchase civ 5, I will compile a small pros and cons list to help you out.
Pros:
- Greatest game on Planet.
Cons:
- Loss of Friends
- Loss of Time
- Loss of Job
- Loss of Pet Fish (poor fish)
- Loss of Sleep
- Loss of Sex
- Loss of Money for snacks
- Loss of Money for Drinks
- Loss of Money for pot
- Well Known Gateway Drug to Crack
- Ghandi
- Probably Illegal somewhere
- Have 350 Hours on Steam
- Bought the game 3 weeks ago
- Help Me..
