Posted: January 25, 2021
i played this game for maybe an hour, my gf said "hey that looks fun, can i have a turn".
ive still only played it for an hour
Posted: May 15, 2021
When you die, you return home and pet the dog.
Posted: December 10, 2022
Hades is better than sex cuz they are making hades 2. Theres no sex 2.
Posted: November 5, 2020
I don't usually play action rogue-likes... I'm in my 50s and my reflexes aren't the honed blades they used to be. Yet, after all the positive reviews I decided to give this game a go, and, boy, am I having fun. Sure, I suck... 30-odd escape attempts and the furthest I got is the boss-fight in Elysium, but it's such a great game that I don't care. There's always something new to discover or progress to be made. Highly recommended!
Posted: September 19, 2020
"One more run"
"One more run"
"Okay, just one more"
"Well, maybe one more on top of that"
"Ah screw it, one more and I'm done"
"That death was so unfair, I want to do another run"
"Yes I am totally aware I should get some sleep already, just let me do one more run"
"...aaaaaaaaand another one"
*6 hours later*
"I hate everything I stand for"
Posted: October 4, 2020
I thought I didn't like Rougelike's before Hades... This game has completely changed my opinion on the genre.
This art is beautiful
Voice acting is incredible
The lore backdrop fits perfectly
The gameplay is smooth
The game is easy to understand and hard to master
The amount of content in this game is astounding
The best single player experience I've had in a long time.
Posted: October 23, 2020
136 hours, 49/49 achievements - sounds like just enough for the review.
It is indeed complete package. Brilliant characters, neatly constructed plot and enjoyable gameplay with the classic "easy to play, hard to master" aspect to it.
I really can't pick at the graphics or music - they are just in line with the Supergaint roster, crafted at the level we have come to expect.
Is there anything substantial that I would change? Not really, no. Adjustment to the "progress" in the one place, perhaps some slight balancing elsewhere... But does it matter when taking everything into account? Nope, not at all.
Easy recommendation.
Posted: August 24, 2020
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Somehow, some way, SuperGiant managed to accidentally provide the best example of Games as a Service working by virtue of having the most intelligent Early Access schedule I have ever seen.
This game's Early Access puts every other game in that state to shame. No feature is half baked. No element is partially done. Every single piece released is polished to the nines and rich, complementing each system in place before and each system in place adapts to the new pieces. This feels like a puzzle that has no borders, and every time you get new pieces they just fit cleanly along the edge of the old to grow an even bigger, cooler picture.
That in and of itself would be worth the purchase just to experience, but then on top of that it's such a damn good game. Combat feels incredible. Everything feels fair. Variable difficulty options and the bevy of interesting unlocks post-first-win are a delight. There seems to be no end to little additions and new gameplay layers around every corner just when I think I have seen everything they're gonna throw at me (even if I haven't unlocked it all yet). It's all so nuanced and delivered at such a perfect pace that I just can't keep myself from doing One More Attempt day in day out.
Virtually nothing about the inherent roguelike RNG is suffocating or annoying. Every element works somehow, and while there are clear powerhouse options you'd wish you saw every run, everything else is so useably good that you don't really notice when you don't get the OP options. Oh, did I mention the combat was fun? So are nearly all the variations and Roguelike RNG options. On top of that, the expected god tier (ha) quality of writing, music, voice acting, and storytelling from Supergiant is in full force. Add that to the depth of interaction layers woven into the fight-die-repeat loop directly as part of the lore, which is done so remarkably smoothly, and you would not be wrong to wonder why not everyone on the planet follows in Supergiant's footsteps from here on out for roguelikes, and in a more broad sense, for Early Access as well.
Posted: February 14, 2021
I don't know why this Fishing Simulator needed such a deep narrative and ballin' soundtracks
✂---✂---✂---✂---✂---✂---✂---✂---✂---✂
Might as well add a real review now, which I at first refrained from, because there is WAY TOO MUCH to say about this game. 125+ hours in, 49/49 achievements unlocked, and I can hands down say that Hades is the best independent game I have ever played, the greatest rogue-lite game and definitely in the top spots of all games I've played, without any doubt or exaggeration. Supergiant Games went all out, and it shows. Hades is definitely their Magnum Opus. While I'm on the topic of Supergiant Games, I can HIGHLY recommend watching the Hades - Developing Hell Documentation by Noclip. I've watched it twice already and it gives great insight into Supergiant Games' team and their process of developing Hades. They are proving yet again that they are the small team with the biggest guns. Hades winning over 100 awards for numerous independent and action genre achievements, dozens of Game of the Year awards from major publishers, currently sitting at 117,600 reviews with 98% being positive, and being the 2nd Highest Rated Game of all time on Steam[steamdb.info], is really showing that their efforts didn't go to waste.
I absolutely, utterly enjoy every single aspect of Hades. I don't even know where to begin. This game just makes you crave for more. Just one more run. Just one more run and I'll go to sleep.
The immaculate, isometric art and animations are gorgeous, with everything being hand-drawn to perfection, it strikes a perfect balance between visual flair and precise clarity needed to execute complex combos. Everywhere you look, everything you see is just so damn gorgeous and so pleasing for eyes. The art style is a perfect match with the Greek mythology theme, and each character just screams with their respective personalities. All of the visual effects, although sometimes overbearing, really establish a great identity that will vary in each run and makes the game so aesthetically pleasing.
Lore and narrative backdrop being driven by the gameplay itself, and evolving more upon dying, was incorporated very cleverly. You just get hooked, every run you learn more and more about why all of this takes place, it's just satisfying. All of this is so expertly drenched in myths and gravitas of the Greek mythology, where you can feel that it was meticulously researched, that it creates a very rich and immersive experience for the player.
HOURS of beautifully performed dialogue, which is very well written; it brilliantly incorporates humor, introspection, sternness, playfulness, etc. There are more than 20,000 lines of dialogue in this game, and quite some bigger AAA studios can definitely learn a thing or two from the completeness of Hades' dialogue. It's all just so fun to listen to, the protagonist Zagreus alone bears a classic dry, sardonic wit of late youth that breaks on occasion when his trespasses don’t go entirely according to plan. The progression and the development of characters and their relationships to Zagreus is perhaps the best I've ever seen in this particular genre, hell, even in bigger titles. They all range from wise and level-headed to boisterous and silly, and the Greek pantheon in particular has some wonderfully clever takes on the classic deities. More than anything, though, is how relatable all of them come off as. This isn’t some grim epic or intense drama, it’s a guy trying to get out from under his dad’s thumb and running into all their mutuals along the way. Some want to help him, some want to kill him, and some just think the whole thing is too damn funny. It’s a very human cast, and they’re an absolute delight to behold.
The gameplay is tight, sharp and well built. It just 𝕗𝕖𝕖𝕝𝕤 𝕘𝕠𝕠𝕕. "Addicting" does not even remotely describe it. It is so seamless, yet so effective, without talking down to you and holding your hand. You're given a fine selection of weapons and attacks and an incredibly versatile dash by default. Each one can be upgraded/altered with different boons the gods will grant you. Boons can modify your attacks or provide dramatic passive effects to bolster different aspects of your strategy; Zeus' lightning emitting from your attacks, Dionysus' wine hangover hurting foes for a prolonged time, Athena giving you the ability to deflect, Hermes providing you with extra dashes and so many more. Zagreus can be an absolute blur on the battlefield, constantly dashing, slashing, and bashing foes while weaving in and out of danger, and for my part the game does a fantastic job of keeping this high-speed mayhem manageable. It almost reminds of DOOM in a way, how the incredible speed and versatility of your character is balanced against huge numbers of enemies that will absolutely kill you if you make the mistake of standing still.
Each death, each time you go back to start, you're given the opportunity to acquire meaningful permanent upgrades which change the way you play and subsequently make things easier. When you finally master Hades or have enough upgrades to give that edge in escaping, you may set the difficulty higher to go back to sweating bullets and getting new rewards. I really didn't expect to keep unlocking both gameplay-related items and story events 90+ hours into the game, and yet that's exactly what happened.
Yada yada yada, all the stuff mentioned above is already top notch. But my absolute. favorite. aspect. about Hades wasn't even mentioned yet. It was one of the first things that already sold me, and instantly captured me, starting in the home menu already.
It's the Soundtrack.
The eccentric soundtrack of Hades is an absolute feast for the ears. I mean, it's kinda expected, Supergiant Games' soundtracks always deliver. This mixture of heavy/progressive metal, Mediterranean folk, experimental electronics, lush, mournful falsettos and more absolutely blew my entire mind. There's not even the slightest chance that the soundtrack does not get your blood pumping. People who completed a run on  definitely know that. It's executed so damn masterfully, moistcr1tikal encapsulated that feeling quite well in his review of Hades. It's not all one big adrenaline rush though, the slower, more thoughtful pieces are pretty damn soothing. The OST album can definitely stand on it's own, while providing the perfect audio companion to the gameplay. Darren Korb can have every single one of my future babies. This man cannot be stopped. Composing one of the most captivating scores I've ever witnessed in a video game, in addition to voicing the protagonist (+more), is there anything this man can't do?
Hades is ultimately the result of when every aspect of a game comes together to form one fun and cohesive experience, and it's a testament to what Supergiant Games can do. Hades went above and beyond in it's design, it's safe to say that this game is a masterpiece. All of this for just 20 bucks? Insane. ∞/10. Will buy again, Switch physical edition inbound.
TL;DR
Buy this game. What else can I say.
Oh right, YOU CAN PET CERBERUS!!!
Posted: August 19, 2020
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is Supergiant Games' magnum opus.
I don't usually like roguelikes/roguelites and I don't usually buy games whilst they are still in Early Access, however since I have thoroughly enjoyed all of Supergiant Games' previous titles, I gave this a chance.
Boy, am I glad that I did - this game is just fantastic. The art style is beautiful with brilliant character designs. The soundtrack is excellent, the voice acting is spot-on and the sound effects are great too. The story is interwoven with your repeated deaths, progressing multiple plot threads and relationships on every run.
The gameplay though is the stand-out star here. Supergiant have perfected their recipe with this title; isometric, fast-paced combat that takes cues from Bastion and Transistor, but dialled up to 11, with the branching narrative of Pyre but with tons more replayability as the insane numbers of weapon upgrades, boons/perks ensure that every run is different.
I was able to get to the "end" on my 31st run and I can now reliably reach it and (usually) beat the final boss on most runs. The story continues to unfold once you've reached this milestone and even more challenges are heaped on you. The gameplay is really addictive and satisfying and all of the other aspects of the game (art, music, sound design, story) all mesh together perfectly.
I can't wait for the v1.0 release to see the "true" ending and I can see myself continuing to play this game for weeks and months to come.
Posted: December 31, 2020
Hello all.
Whilst i'm not a fan of these roguelike, permadeath games usually, I have to say i'm very impressed with this game.
It's fast, fun and a little addictive. The runs themselves last about 30-60mins but the story and dialogue just keeps on going. Fail the first time and come back stronger, unlock skills and so much more to make your next run much more easier, and for those who like it difficult have the ability to crank it up a notch once you have completed your first run.
The visuals are superb and comes with zero performance issues, no bugs or glitches just very clean.
The runs themselves may be short but they are different every time with much to aim for to improve your skills etc, the achievements alone will keep you locked in this game for hours n hours, I love it!
No complaints for this one, worth every penny. Impressive.
Posted: July 17, 2022
I had to recommend, because even after +200 hours I still get new dialogues and interactions.
The amount of work and love put on the development of this game is insane!
Just give it a try.
Posted: September 5, 2023
I'll just try this for a few minut... 1200 HOURS!?!
Posted: January 14, 2021
Just... One... More... Run...
Posted: March 8, 2021
you can pet the big dog
Posted: May 27, 2022
Surprisingly complex combat system for a dating sim
Posted: December 1, 2020
Adventure Through The Underworld
Homer once told a story about a hero seeking to come back home after a great war. Supergiant once made a game of a hero seeking to leave his home. That's Hades, the Greek mythology-themed game released one year ago, and that purely conquested our hearts has players.
The hero of our story isn't Achilles, Odysseus, Hercules, Perseus, or even Hercules, but yes Zagreus, son of Hades. However, our young prince sees the Underworld position as overrated and desires to leave and join the rest of his family at Mount Olympus. To perform this impossible task and go against his father's will, Zag needs to climb all the Underworld. Luckily, our hero is a fearsome warrior, ready to take any challenge, mastering six Infernal Arms, some legendary weapons well known. Also, as can be expected, the Olympus Gods didn't stay indifferent to the news, sending their support to Zagreus.
Death is something normal to see happening but still rewardable. Most of the games reasonably divide the plot and the gameplay, but Hades in that aspect is phenomenal. The narrative will move the same way in the victories and losses. Having when Zag gets back home, characters make fun of him, and some give motivational speeches. It's always good to get down there again to have a good chat with someone.
Who doesn't like good fast-paced combat? 
Community Created Artwork for Hades
By: Leal
Supergiant is well known for its audiovisual and narrative quality, but never for its combat. However, Hades feels fluid enough to be satisfying. As referred before, there are six different weapons, each having four unlockable aspects. Every infernal arm has a different play style, having its own primary and special attack, giving a lot of variety to the game. Without forgetting that gods are watching us, there are the boons. Upgrades were sent in lightspeed from the Olympus to support Zagreus. These boons are passives that make our prince, for example, give more damage for attack or move faster, and when connected to the right weapons, can make a run three hundred times easier.
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
There are a ton of artifacts, most, unlike boons, maintain with Zagreus after completing a run, used for several things, like upgrades and cosmetics. It's something that I don't bother with, but still, I think that there isn't a need to have soo much. I would enjoy Hades the same way if there were only half of the artifacts.
The Underworld is seen from an isometric perspective, and oh my, it's beautiful. It doesn't fail any possible expectation about it. It presents a junction of 2D and 3D, with the pillars popping up to your eyes. Animations and movements look soft and clean. And the character design, forget it, it's another level.
The audio is magnificent as well! The voice acting it's just perfect, and I think that's enough to say that I still listen to the OST today.
Hades 
A Screenshot of Hades
By: Leal
Conclusion
Simply a masterpiece. It's a must-play for everyone, and who enjoy rogue-likes that don't touch this game, or say that's bad, don't know what is saying.
Rating:9/10
Specs:Intel Core i7-8750H; NVIDIA Geforce GTX 1660 Ti; 16,00 GB Ram
Posted: June 13, 2020
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I don't like rogue-likes ( or rogue-lites). Don't get me wrong, I've tried! I'll buy some well-reviewed game like Enter the Gungeon, boot it up, play for an hour or two, then let it sit in my library until time immemorial. It's a cycle I was loath to repeat which is why despite enjoying the rest of Supergiant's games I stayed away from Hades for about a year.
This is not like other rogue-likes.
There are going to be a lot of reviews about Supergiant's signature visuals, rocking soundtrack, and tight combat( or about how Cerberus is a good boy). These are all true, and if you already like the rogue-like genre should sell you on this game, but if you're like me that's not enough. The reason I've played more of this game than any other rogue-like is because of Supergiant's ability to combine story and gameplay. In a lesser game, picking up a powerup consists of a menu screen or a short visual cue, but in Hades picking a boon means learning more about the crazy gods on mount olympus. Is Poseidon jealous of Zeus? Does Athena resent Ares? Is Dionysis drunk? You'll get to experience all of these little dramas and more as you progress through a run, but where Hades really sets itself apart from the rest of genre is what happens after a run.
Dying in Hades isn't like losing, it's like coming home.
You'll get to check in on all of the characters in the masters house, from hypnos the sleepy doorman, your mentor Achilles, to mother night herself. Not to mention the adorable house-keeper. Sometimes it's not about Zagreus, but the relationships all of these colorful characters have which each other which will develop over each failure as you return to the house of Hades. Afterwards I can unlock new weapons (or weapon aspects), new powerups, or see the new items I've collected and prepare for my next run. It's a thoroughly satisfying loop, so even if you don't think this is your type of game, you should give it a shot.
Posted: June 20, 2022
I wish Greek people were real.
Posted: November 16, 2020
Hades is one of the best roguelites of all-time. Gameplay is fast and full of never ending action. The boons that you earn in each dungeon significantly alter your abilities in interesting ways. There's a great deal of replayability due to random generated maps, random skills you get each run and different skillsets. Boss fights are hard and require a lot of focus but they are not tedious at all, on the contrary they're very engaging. Hades does a great job of balancing fun and challenge.
Posted: November 8, 2020
Before I played Hades, I had a small penis, no friends, no girlfriend, depression, and absolutely no life. These things haven't changed, but the game is pretty good.
Posted: May 24, 2022
everyone is hot
Posted: September 22, 2020
Supergiant returns with a masterpiece.
This time, with a rogue-lite one. Don't let the title fool you, you won't be playing as Hades; you'll be playing his son Zagreus who decided that he wants to run away from home. "But wait!" I hear you say. "Hades never had a son! And Zagreus, if even mentioned, is just an aspect of Dionysus!" And you'd be right! Supergiant actually did their Greek mythology research to the point where in a few thousand years, the story of this game, could even seem as a legit myth from the period that addresses that little identity crisis in a meta sense. Big applause for this! Other than that, of course, keeping the game family friendly, some details of the Olympian family tree had to be left out.
Being a rogue-lite, this game will have you repeatedly fight out of the land of the dead, collecting resources and upgrades as you go, so you can press further next time. The difficulty curve is up to the player - if you're struggling, you can activate the "God Mode"; which will give you some damage resistance and stack a bit of it on top every time you die. If you want to self-flagellate, then there's "Hell Mode"; which will put you against extra challenges with tougher and more plentiful foes, right off the bat! Once you finish a run once, you can stack such challenges onto your run freely for additional rewards. It's fast-paced, but never makes you feel you're under time pressure, and the number of builds you can go for with different weapons and boons from Olympian gods is vast, so don't get too focused on a single playstyle.
Story-wise, it's another brilliant entry into the Supergiant collection, and the banter between the characters never gets tedious. Also, spoiler alert: You can pet Cerberus! All lines are fully voiced, and they even breathe some personality into each Hellenic person of myth. And the overarching quest would be a spoiler, but suffice to say, Zagreus has good reasons to try and run away from home...and also good reasons to always end up back there.
The music is again great, as we've been learning to expect from these hoopy froods at Supergiant. All in all, it's a worthy purchase, and, and I can't believe I'm saying this, but I actually wish I'd bought this one in Early Access. Definitely recommended to anyone who enjoys a good rogue-lite.
Edit: Steam awards and all, ofc...
Posted: May 3, 2022
It's pretty good, you can pet the dog.
Posted: February 10
Hades is better than sex cuz they are making hades 2. Theres no sex 2.
Posted: August 15, 2021
I got everything! Everything. I got every single thing. I can't get any more upgrades, bounties, contracts, minor prophecies, the codex is full. I got everything. This game is incredible to get lost in, again and again and again. I couldn't recommend it enough to anyone whose a fan of roguelikes, greek mythology, twin stick shooters, and gays. 10/10
Posted: November 19, 2021
Well... after 132.5 hours of play time, 113 escape attempts, getting all the steam achievements, and finishing all the prophecies from the fated list... what can I really say? Maybe I'll just add this: Hades is one of the VERY FEW games that I never get bored of playing for extended time periods!
Posted: December 16, 2020
"THERE IS NO ESCAPE"
In Greek mythology Sisyphos (the king of Ephyra) was punished for his self-aggrandizing craftiness and deceitfulness by being forced to roll an immense boulder up a hill only for it to roll down every time it neared the top, repeating this action for eternity.
Playing Hades also feels like doing the same thing over and over again. And after dozens of hours if you managed to defeat the final boss for the first time, the game starts from the beginning. Pretty much like every rogue-lite game does.
At this point you could probably say: "Hell, I've beaten that damn ol' bastard, let's play something else!"
But you don't.
And that's because Hades does everything right. After 30, 40 or even more hours you don't care anymore if you'll ever reach the surface because this underworld with its lovely characters and their little stories, with its weapons and their different aspects and most of all with its perfect gameplay is a place you gladly return to.
As long as I can talk to Meg and listen to her otherworldly voice, I'll stay there. Forever.
Highly recommended
Posted: October 29, 2020
I'm not a game designer so I can't say exactly how much my opinion would matter on any subject regarding that, but I am a classicist, and I can say that every aspect of the Greek mythos reflected in the game is meticulously researched. I would guess the majority of information comes from sources like Hesiod's Theogony and the works of Homer. I've read these sources repeatedly over my academic career and this game taught me new things about them. Every time i've attempted to cross reference something stated in Hades, the writers have shown they are knowledgeable enough to have degrees of their own. I highly recommend this as a tool of learning as well as entertainment. Don't remember Eris having a gun though...
Posted: December 29, 2019
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Its their best game yet - the gameplay, characters, music, its absolutely unparalleled. The fact it's not even finished yet astonishes me - this is already perfect enough
Posted: April 9, 2022
There is no escape.
You press play, and it's 4am
Posted: May 2, 2020
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
All I'l say is this. It is an 'early access game' that is more complete and content rich than most games at thrice its price.
Posted: February 25, 2021
I WANT MORE! maybe a DLC, please?
Posted: December 1, 2020
everyone is so hot
Posted: November 25, 2022
you can pet the dog
Posted: March 26, 2022
Why is everyone hot
Posted: September 12, 2023
helped me stop playing league
Posted: May 16, 2021
Supergiant is a probably the worst company in all of gaming, they make amazing games with no strings attached. What I hate is that there isn't more game to play after you experience everything, no horrendously overpriced extra content to enjoy. Hades is their finest work with an amazing cast of characters, voice acting that is top tier, an extremely focused artstyle, music is fire, and combat is intuative and rewarding. Deadass is a masterpiece and one of the best games I've ever played.
Posted: January 23, 2021
Hades has elevated the Rogue like genre. They were able to make every run unique and special. Even if you die and you have to restart again, you still feel a sense of progression. Every runs are unique with all those multiple skill/weapon combinations. It's crazy that you always do the same thing over and over again but you never get bored. Every character interaction is different. The voice acting is amazing and the lore is almost infinite. You think you finished the game but there's always more to do/to achieve.
The game feels exceedingly fluid and polished. The art style and the sounds tracks are amazing.
I would 10/10 recommend this game especially at this price point.
Posted: March 11, 2021
'Bastion' was great, 'Transistor' excellent, but 'Hades' is a freaking masterpiece. It comes as close to a perfect game as it gets.
Pros:
+ Magnificent story and characters
+ Excellent dialogues + voice-overs
+ Super fluid and fun gameplay
+ Very (and I mean VERY) in depth and unique skill system
+ Game is extremely innovative (as always with Supergiant Games)
+ No run is like the other, never had a dull moment
+ You can get really deep into the game, spend an infinity amount of hours with it (I stopped after completing heat level 32, but there is still a ton to discover)
+ Super addictive
+ Soundtrack gave me goosebumps
+ During 160+ hours playing this game I did not witness a single crash or bug
Cons:
For me there is not a single one. I think that’s the first game ever where I did not have any complaints at all, not even the smallest one. I can imagine though, that:
- For some people the gameplay might be too fast paced / hectic
- In the beginning you need to figure out a lot on your own. I loved it, other players might want a little more help maybe
Score: 10/10
Posted: October 17, 2020
Hades wasn't really on my radar during its Early Access run, and I only got hooked into the hype for this game after its release. I would consider myself a fan of Supergiant Games. Their style, their eye for visuals, their ear for music, their sensibilities to bring mechanics and gameplay I can thoroughly enjoy, are all in the wheelhouse of things I adore and gravitate towards when I'm choosing what to play next. Hades packs all of that and so much more! So much so, it is easily my favourite game of 2020, but it might as well be my all-time favourite game.
I absolutely and unabashedly enjoy every single aspect of Hades. I believe there isn't a single thing I wouldn't enjoy in one way or another. This game makes me crave for more. One more run. One more interaction with the colourful denizens of Underworld and Olympus alike. One more punch, one for thrust, one more shot through the wretched souls of the underworld. Hades brings out the very best in terms of telling stories, combining it with gameplay, enhancing it with beautiful audio-visual queues to provide an experience worth every penny, every cent you spend on this game.
The gameplay is addicting in the best ways possible. I've seen some people getting bored by the lack of variety of environments or enemies, but I certainly can not relate to that. Each level brings its troubles and despite the fact I play with God Mode on, I still find myself struggle and be challenged in the best possible ways, especially thanks to a mechanic introduced later. The way how this game works is so clever. All enemies you face show you mechanics which you will face in each boss fight at the end, and it took me many hours until I realised this. It is so seamless, yet so effective, without talking down to you and holding your hand. Fast-paced combat is one of the many highlights and after almost 100hrs I still feel my heart racing during later fights, especially when it comes to the final boss. In terms of gameplay, I would only request one thing and one thing only - give me Stardew Valley-like farm in a need of care at the end, instead of the wonderful narrator with his wonderful lines of monologue - you know, to unwind and relax after gruelling battles. This request doesn't make any sense to you? That's ok, but I desperately want it!
As I mentioned above, visually, this game is an absolute gem. Everywhere you look, everything you see is just so damn gorgeous and so pleasing for eyes. Character designs especially are absolutely fantabulous and you fell in love with all of them, on the basis of looks alone. The attention to details in every frame, the details big and so small are so damn impressive. Now, combine this with sounds, music and impeccable voice-acting you are in for a true audio-visual treat, a masterpiece if I can be so bold with such claims.
But, if there's one thing I can't get enough of, it's stories. Storytelling and stories of any kind are something that brings me true joy in life. Let me tell you, writers of Hades definitely made me feel that joy, made me ride that high of a great, intriguing, fresh approach to tell stories as old as time. Being in gaming space as we are now, we all probably encountered a game with Greek mythology in some way or another, but I believe it was never done quite like this. Stories well know, and those maybe not so much, presented in a really gripping way, feeding you with kernels of information, which either sparks the joy of "Wait a minute, I know this!" or "I have to know more!". The writing, in general, is incredibly charming, funny, you feel the various range of emotions coming out of the dialogues on screen, which is, of course, elevated to Olympus via aforementioned astonishing voice-acting. Can't stress enough how tightly and smartly written this games is, even in the silliest moments - and yes, I mean the justification why are we still continuing the effort to escape, which is so silly and yet really clever, well, at least in my eyes.
I LOVE Hades with all my heart, I adore it beyond bounds and I will be gushing about this game for an eternity to come. This is a full package experience which simply hits me into all of my sensibilities, strokes everything that I like and enjoy, while provides a gripping experience during which you won't find one dull or boring moment and only brings excitement.
Hades is an amazing game... Hades is a perfect game!
Grade: A+
P.S. If you feel like you want more and you crave for more of Greek mythology, let me be your guide into the church of Hadestown [open.spotify.com] - a wonderful musical, which gives you more of the story of Orpheus and Eurydice in a different, fresh, incredibly catchy way.
Posted: September 26, 2021
everyone is sexy
Posted: September 6, 2022
Just one more run
Just one more run
Just one more run
Just one more run
Just one more run
Posted: June 23, 2020
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Almost 20,000 reviews and 98% of them are positive. There's a reason for that. The game is technically in Early Access, but it has more content than most full price releases and the developers have a detailed and accurate roadmap for every single update. This is how Early Access is supposed to be, it seems that AAA studios have a lot to learn from Supergiant (and Klei, by the way. They did it right too with Griftlands).
Now, onto the game. Where to begin? Gorgeous hand-drawn art and animations, it strikes a perfect balance between visual flair and precise clarity needed to execute complex combos. The game runs perfectly even at a demanding 1440p 144+ FPS, with slight dips in extremely chaotic scenes, which are rare. If you play in 1080p at 60FPS, you should have absolutely no problem even with an ancient computer.
I can't talk about the art without mentioning how well-integrated the anime-ish Greek mythology theme is. Supergiant's version of the Greek pantheon and underworld is exquisitely fleshed out and the world brims with lots of surprisingly accurate references that will make mythology lovers smile.
As for the sound, I often gloss over it but in this case it really needs to be mentioned. This game has the best and most complete voice acting of any indie game I've ever played and is only rivaled by huge AAA open world games (which often have very bland and repetitive lines). Just to make an example, the latest update alone added 3500 new lines. You can play for tens of hours and not come across a single repeated line while also enjoying a constant feed of dialogue with every single character you come across.
Speaking of characters, the cast of this game is absolutely spot-on. Every single being you talk to has their interests, motivations and passions and they convey them perfectly with razor-sharp wit and fast delivery. Even the protagonist, who is usually kind of bland in these kind of games, is not afraid to have an opinion about everything and goes on a journey along with the player as an equal, not a simple puppet controlled by a keyboard.
The story does progress rather slowly, but trust me when I tell you that you will enjoy every small conversation you unlock, every interaction and every new collectible. Most of these also tie well with the gameplay, which is the next and final section...
This game would be an 8/10 if it had "good combat" like other Supergiant games. But this time, the gameplay manages to be on par with the audiovisual perfection. At its heart, it's an action dungeon crawler with a focus on unlockables, persistent progress and character development, both story-wise and combat-wise. You can play it as a chill story mode title or as a competitive time attack game where you try to always improve your runs, dodging perfectly, choosing the right upgrades and loadout and manipulating the game's randomness to your advantage. Or, of course, you can do both, if you have the time and skill for it.
The combat is initially simple, you move around, you dodge, you attack. But as you progress through each run, enemies get harder, you can delve further up (let's not forget that you're escaping Tartarus to go to the surface) and you have a huge variety of weapons, upgrades, buffs, punishments and passives to help or hinder you throughout each run. I really didn't expect to keep unlocking both gameplay-related items and story events 80+ hours into the game, and yet that's exactly what happened.
The only criticism I have of the game is that the balance of some items is a bit lopsided and the super late game can be a bit grindy/spammy, but the developers have been really active in implementing community feedback.
While perfection doesn't exist, I feel like a 10/10 rating is deserved because Hades goes above and beyond in every single aspect of its design.
It is a complete, lovingly crafted experience at a very reasonable price.
Posted: October 25, 2021
everyone is hot
10/10
Posted: October 31, 2023
Everyone is hot.
Posted: December 23, 2020
I completely understand why this game has been nominated for 'Game of the Year'.
YOU CAN PET CERBERUS
Posted: December 25, 2022
In the name of Hades, I recommend this game
Posted: June 27, 2023
All the characters are hot
Posted: December 5, 2023
You can pet the dog.
Posted: January 4, 2023
This one is going out for the supportive shade in Elysium.
10/10 a Masterpiece
Posted: February 8, 2021
It's like Groundhog Day, but in Hell, and with less Bill Murray.
10/10
Posted: December 26, 2021
It's just like your average family sitcom except you're in hell and everyone dies a lot
Posted: December 1, 2022
Hades was a game I was very concerned about buying at any one time. I've got a strange history with Rougelikes/lites. I adore the Binding of Isaac, but didn't really get into Enter the Gungeon. I was concerned that Hades wouldn't scratch that itch.
Hades rules. Death in a game usually spells a frustrating end in a game, but every death feels like progress in Hades. Each time you die, a death that feels fair and justified, the game gives you access to more content and story. New voice lines feel frequent, with every run feeling extremely fair.
I adore the story, characters, it's sense of humour combined with some genuine heart. The gameplay feels fast and strong, the music is amazing. Just an outstanding Indie all around.
Posted: October 27, 2021
- DIFFICULTY -
🔲A drunk 4-year old could beat this
🔲 Easy
🔲 Normal
☑️Hard
🔲 Requires superhuman skill
- GRAPHICS -
🔲 A game 10 years ago looked better
🔲 Graphics don't matter in this game
🔲 It’s an older game
🔲 Good
☑️ Beautiful looking
- SOUNDTRACK -
🔲 Annoying
🔲Regular music
🔲 Good
☑️ Incredible
- STORY -
🔲 Boring as dirt
🔲 Multiplayer only
🔲 Didn’t do anything special
🔲 Very interesting
☑️ Masters of storytelling
- PRICE -
🔲 Underpriced
☑️ Perfect price
🔲 Could be Cheaper
🔲 Close to flushing money down the toilet
🔲 It’s free
- SPECS -
☑️ A rock covered in foil can run this
🔲 Regular PC
🔲 High end
- LENGTH -
🔲 Short (0 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15 - 50 hours)
☑️ Long (50 - 90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90 - >100 hours)
🔲 No ending
- FUN -
🔲Impossible to enjoy
🔲 Only fun with friends
🔲 A good pastime
🔲 Quite enjoyable
☑️ Lots of fun
- REPLAYABILITY -
🔲 Even the achievements aren’t worth it
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 Requires some waiting
🔲 You’ll get your money’s worth
☑️ Infinite fun
- WORTH BUYING -
🔲 Never buy this
🔲 It's free to play
🔲 Wait for sale
🔲 Sure
☑️ Absolutely

Posted: September 18, 2022
If this game was a lamp, it would be a lava lamp
Posted: December 25, 2023
The storekeeper moans whenever I try to make conversation

Posted: June 8, 2022
Everything has a meaning in this game, even death. Soundtracks and voice acting are amazing, gameplay is smooth and every character is hot. Buy this game :))
Posted: September 8, 2020
You can date the medusa head.
Post Launch Edit:
You can still date the medusa head.
Posted: February 4, 2022
Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Yet, somehow, being insane worked wonders in this game ...
Posted: October 22, 2023
This fishing game has a decent dungeon crawler attached
Posted: January 3, 2021
god I want megaera to step on me
Posted: January 18, 2020
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This review is 100% spoilers free.
Comparison to Previous Supergiant Titles:
I've spent +70 hours on each of their previous titles and can easily say that this is the most approachable game out of them (Pyre being the least). Especially that the gameplay is simple, yet deep which allows for a larger target audience. It's still hard to decide which one of them is the best objectively, but it is safe to say that Hades reflects all the experience gained from the previous titles and that makes it their most polished game.
An Early Access more Polished than Full Releases:
Hades plays and feels like a fully established game with the "Early Access" part being only for adding new content (which the game already has plenty of) and balancing the combat. The combat is smooth and addictive while the story is what makes this game stands out from other roguelikes, the more you play the more you'll find new interactions and information about the characters and the story. Note that a major part of the story is still being developed as for the time of this review, and thus the story is incomplete at the mean time
In terms of bugs in the game, I've not seen any major issue in my +50 hours of gameplay, just once and illogical damage calculation occurred (did not affect the battle heavily). But overall, the game does not have any bugs or issues that affect the experience.
The Actual Game:
Combat: Its fast and skillful combat highly rewards players with different playstyles due to the random types of upgrades and effects you'll have in each run (for it is roguelike). This mechanic allows the player to discover new combos and fighting methods even after numerous runs. The number of enemies and their differences makes each area feels special and forces the player to adapt to different combinations of enemies since each run is randomized. At last, just like the previous titles, Hades allows the player to scale the difficulty (similar to shrines, limiters, and titan stars) but with higher and more important rewards.
Story:
The story surprised me since I do not know much about Greek mythology, and yet it is still interesting since the background and characters will eventually be explained as you play. In addition to being one of the few roguelikes that relate the actual story to the roguelike mechanic. It is mind-blowing the number of interactions between characters considering this is Supergiant's first fully voice acted game, even after +50 hours there are still more information and relations to be discovered between the characters. Each character has its motive and role in the story and the more you interact with them the more you'll find out about them (trust me, the number of characters' voice lines is overwhelming). As I mentioned earlier a major part of the story is still being developed as for the time of this review, and thus the story is incomplete at the mean time.
Art Style: What do you expect from Supergiant? (Jen Zee to be specific). Just take a look at a couple of characters' designs from the game screenshots and imagine a game full of characters drawn this beautifully.
Soundtrack: Another masterpiece by Darren Korb. You can feel the vibe of each room and fight based on its theme. In addition to the genius of having the soundtrack being integrated into the story and characters in a unique way. It can be seen as a special mix of Bastion and Pyre soundtracks (Huge bonus: Ashley Barrett is in back!)
Overall:
Hades gives you as much as you're willing to dig through it. Its high replayability value can give you countless hours and still manage to progress you further in the game and find new interesting interactions with the characters and story. At the same time if you're looking to spend only 10-14 hours to finish the main game it would still easily be worth your time and money.
Thanks for reading (English is not my first language).
Posted: December 5, 2021
You can pet best boy cerberus
Posted: October 26, 2022
Like Greek Mythology? Enjoy Rogue Likes? Diablo style gameplay? well boyo do I have a game for you. Hades. Its crack. Just one more run, just one more run... oh crap it's 3 AM. Do not pass up this game
Posted: December 6, 2023
Ignore my hours played, I have 200+ hrs on my switch copy.
I love this game. It's not my favorite game ever (I'm one of those weirdos that played Xenogears at that perfect impressionable time in life, so it will always be my favorite), but I 100% believe Hades is the greatest game ever made. I can come back to Hades anytime, and have a blast. This is the only game that as an adult, I can still catch myself up playing at 2am and saying to myself, "dude, you need to go to bed... ok one more run I swear". I am not good enough with words to explain just how much I love this game.
But I'll try to explain it like this:
I have never been a real hardcore gamer. I've never really been the type to keep playing a game in an attempt to improve at it. I usually find my ceiling in a game pretty quickly, and I'm content with that. As long as I'm having fun I don't care, and since I hardly play multiplayer games who cares if I'm not "good". Hades is the only game I've noticed myself gradually getting better and better at over time. I'm no freak. I still have many many heats left to go, and a lot of weapon aspects I still suck with. The thing is though, I'm not getting better at it because I'm actively trying to learn the game, and get better. It's because I enjoy playing the game so much that I just naturally do get better. I don't know. Like I said, me no word good, but I do own 3 copies of this game if that means anything. The only other game I've done that with is Catherine, and one of those is the remake.
Anyway, 100 out of 10. This game knocks it out of the park in every aspect. Can't wait for 2.
Posted: June 18, 2021
TL;DR
If you are into action roguelikes or Greek mythology, Hades will be your favorite go-to game. Help Zagreus escape the Underworld and discover what a bird even means (he doesn't know.)
Full Review
Let me start from afar. Video games as a medium are a way to escape unpleasant or uneventful everyday life. That is escapism, a necessary psychological device to divert thoughts from sadness, loss, or boredom. You can see it in every type of entertainment, not merely video games. Likewise, roguelikes have deep roots in literal 'escape' concerning their narrative (the hero always tries to escape a dungeon or labyrinth or even their fate). We might call it double escapism. At the same time, stories in most roguelikes only distantly resemble real-life situations. That is where Supergiant makes a difference. They not only create an addictive game with exceptional style and music, but they also tell a deeply allegorical coming-of-age story. You know, the type of story every one of us might live through at some point because there are no ideal families or relationships. It returns us from the whimsical world (should I say Underworld?) to our everyday life with new feelings, thoughts, and a desire to sort everything through. That is the highest praise I could imagine for an entertainment medium.
Hades follows the story of a young godling Zagreus, or Zag for short, and his relationship with his tyrant father, Hades, the god of the Underworld himself. Hades (the god) demands from his son, whom he scornfully calls 'boy,' to be responsible, respectful, and obedient like a servant. At the same time, he is reluctant to show some love or appreciation toward anyone in the House. For Zag, there is only one way to deal with the situation: running away to relatives on Olympus. The problem is that no one can escape the Underworld, even a godling! And so we start our desperate journey as Zag, trying to leave the domain of the dead in search of a better fate. The story goes deep; its narration threads through many dialogs with different characters, intertwined between escape attempts into one whole piece. Slowly, the perspective shifts: the initial father-son conflict reveals underlying problems and broader themes. My favorite includes exercising honesty and outspokenness and why it is not always the best course of action in a manifold family to tell everything head-on. I love Greek mythology and Ancient Greek literature, and I must admit the level of detail is brilliant. There are many myths from different sources; Supergiant mindfully chooses its interpretations for a consistent story. It is worth noting that they had a certain degree of freedom regarding the protagonist and his relations with everyone due to his minor significance in Greek mythology. Even there, though, in late interactions with Dionysus, we can learn about  So, yeah, the immersion in the theme is brilliant. I mean it!
Gameplay-wise, Hades is as addictive as a perfect roguelike should be. You rely on your wit, reaction (sometimes even sense of rhythm), and luck to fight through the ever-changing environment with hundreds of possible adjustments to strategy and tactics. I could play games like Crypt of the NecroDancer or Dicey Dungeons in short sessions, but Hades? Nope. I play it, and play it, and play it. Again and again. It is so very addictive! Different weapons, boons, power-ups, and combinations result in some weird and powerful twists to efficient tactics, which is an example of RNG done right. If you die, you can start again a bit stronger (if you gather enough Darkness, that is) through the process amusingly called Reflecting.  Core mechanics might seem harsh, but mastering them requires only time. Just play some more, and you will naturally overcome the obstacle. Despite this 'intentional replayability,' it starts to feel repetitive only when you finish the main story. At that point, the only way of raising the challenge is through the customizable Pact of Punishment, a plot device to make your post-story runs harder.
As always with Supergiant, the voice acting and music are exceptional. Beautiful melodies combined with heavier riffs and reverberations greatly suit the game's style and story. And when Orpheus (Darren Korb, the composer) and Eurydice (Ashley Barrett) start singing, their verses seem out of this world. It is not a simple task to assume the roles of the legendary musician and his partner/muse. Somehow, Darren and Ashley pull it out so smoothly! I had tears and goosebumps listening to In the Blood during credits. Magnificent!
Lastly, I want to briefly mention the Fated List of Minor Prophecies and the detailed statistics menu in the Administrative Chamber. It all adds depth to the choice-making during escape attempts. Nuances like those contribute to the entire thing, making it much more enjoyable. And, well, there is also fishing. Because why not?
Posted: August 6, 2022
You can pet the Cerberus
Posted: February 20, 2023
Spoiler free review, with a short and a longer version:
Shorter version:
Buy this game if:
✅ You're familiar with game titles such as: Bastion, Darksiders, The Binding of Isaac or Dead Cells;
✅ You're not familiar with the above titles and/or you're looking for an isometric hack 'n' slash type filled with roguelite elements;
✅ You're interested into knowing more about ancient Greek mythology;
✅ You can withstand some grinding and resource grinding;
Don't buy the game if:
❌ (IMPORTANT) if you're sensitive to bright lights and shiny colours;
❌ you don't enjoy bullet hells paired with good - yet cumbersome - effects, as your screen will be filled with them;
❌ you'd rather jump into action immediately after a game rather than pre-planning a run and hoarding many, many resources needed to upgrade weapons, skills, relationships with side characters and cosmetics;
Verdict: 8,5 with some "caveats"
Time required to finish the main game: 30/40 hrs (depending on luck and skill)
Time required to complete it at 100%: 60-75 hours (took me 75hrs)
Longer version:
1 - how does the game look like? Beautifully hand drawn!
Hades rev 
A Screenshot of Hades
By: Flipper Is A Dolphin
2 - Things to keep in mind before buying the game:
a) Excellent narration: dialogues are extremely well written and voiced, in my 75-hour gameplay i've never regretted witnessing a single conversation or character, which are all likeable even given their own godly quirks and mythological role;
Hades rev 2 
A Screenshot of Hades
By: Flipper Is A Dolphin
b) Greek lore : is well presented and sometimes even playfully mocked and handed out to the player in original ways;
c) Fatherhood and trauma: these two topics are really the core engine of the narration (for a good part of the main game). If you didn't like God of War' subjects on Steam, you might not enjoy these in Hades, as you'll notice some similarities;
d) Customizable / Optimizable runs: you'll rarely feel that a run is lost from the start, as when you'll progress you'll have some chances to turn around your gameplay by changing skills, abilities and synergies at shops, random encounters and other hidden areas and arenas;
e) Grinding: is made "bearable" by the narration which delves deeper each run and by the fact that switching weapons and weapons' secondary aspects is highly encouraged and rewarded. There is quite the grind although, it might take your at least 15 hours to grasp the flow of the game and how it works in all its aspects. If you won't like the game within its 10 hours of gameplay, you'll might be even tempted to quit it entitrely.
f)Gameplay modifiers; those will change the gameplay deeply, giving you an alternate experience and allowing you to regrind those resources to get to the higher and funnier challenges offered by the game;
Thanks for reading and for bearing up with me, leave a comment below if you have any questions or observations, have an amazing day/night, feel free to follow my other reviews at: https://store.steampowered.com/curator/32344423/
Posted: December 22, 2020
This game is perfect.
- great combat
- amazing writing/characters
- fun for 5 minutes or 50 hours
- suits different playstyles
- reportedly decent working conditions at studio
Wasn't sure if I'd be into roguelites since I get bored & frustrated easily, but the combat is just so much fun. Often quite frantic (or maybe I'm just bad), but I guess that's what makes it fun?
Another extremely strong point are the characters. The dialogues are very well written and voice acted, and every single character is crafted with so much care. All of them feel like genuine individuals, which makes me care for each of them, even the antagonists/slightly annoying ones.
Also, it's fun from the first minute. So even if you don't have much time to complete it it's definitely worth playing. However if you do stick around 50 hours in there's still a lot of 'undiscovered' slots, things getting switched up and keeping it fresh and interesting.
No matter what you want out of a game, this one has it. Engaging & challenging combat? Absolutely. Story & characters? Hellll yeah. Collecting & making numbers go up? Sure thing.
But also: all of those are optional from what I gather. Wanna focus on story and less on combat? Sure, try the God Mode. Don't care about the dialogue and just wanna fight? Sure, I think you can skip it all and just enjoy slashing/poking/shooting/punching things. Don't care about numbers going up? No problem, you collect stuff along the way inevitably, but you can ignore it if you like.
Stellar artwork & soundtrack as well, as you can see/hear.
According to various reports the studio treats their staff decently (20 days annual leave minimum, no forced crunch,...). Might not be relevant to everybody when deciding on a purchase, but to me at least it makes play more fun when I know people weren't burnt out for my enjoyment.
I have absolutely no complaints about this game (as of 50 hours in).
Posted: January 14, 2022
In the name of someone very sore right now, would escape again...
The music is so good that you'll stop playing and just listen.
Posted: November 25, 2022
*Open the game to play one game*
‘One more run’
‘Bruh i was so close one more’
‘Bruh let me just get more darkness’
‘ONE … MORE ..run’
Then you understand the meaning of ‘There’s no escape’

Posted: May 19, 2023
hot men
Posted: November 7, 2022
Hades is a masterpiece, from voice acting to gameplay, from graphic style to storyline.
If you like rogue-likes or Greek mythology, hell if you like video games, do not hesitate to buy Hades.

Posted: April 20, 2022
Hades is a fantastic work,thanks to the game producers.
Posted: June 18, 2023
A Devilishly Good Time in the Underworld…
» Hades, developed by Supergiant Games, is a roguelike action game that plunges players into the dark and treacherous depths of Greek mythology. With its exquisite art style, dynamic combat, compelling narrative, and engaging progression mechanics, Hades has garnered critical acclaim and an ardent fan base. Let’s delve into the underworld and uncover why this game is a complete masterpiece, and how it has solidified its place as one of the best titles ever introduced to the roguelike genre.
Gameplay and Combat
» Hades takes the core elements of a roguelike game and infuses them with a level of polish and fluidity rarely seen in other titles. As Zagreus, the defiant prince of the Underworld, you embark on a quest to escape the realm of Hades. With each run, players must navigate their way through procedurally generated chambers, battling hordes of mythical creatures and fearsome bosses. Paired with a combat system that is fast-paced, responsive, and deeply satisfying, the game welcomes a variety of playstyles through the use of different weapons, upgrades, and abilities.
Though what truly sets Hades apart is the strategic depth of its mechanics. The seamless combination of tight combat mechanics and the progression system strikes a perfect balance between challenging gameplay and rewarding advancement. Each death feels like an opportunity to learn, improve, and experiment with different strategies and weapon combinations. The extensive range of customizable aspects, such as the vast array of boons from the gods of Olympus, offers distinct abilities that can be combined for powerful synergies. This depth of customization ensures that each run feels fresh and provides a wealth of strategic choices.
Narrative and Characters
» Regarding the plot, Hades weaves an enthralling narrative that explores themes of family, rebellion, and self-discovery. Through masterful writing and exceptional voice acting, each character feels authentic and deeply layered. The meaningful interactions and dynamic dialogues between Zagreus and the other denizens of the Underworld gradually unravel the complex web of stories and connections between the characters. This intricate relationship system allows players to build friendships, rivalries, and even romance.
What makes the storytelling truly remarkable is the game’s roguelike structure. Each failed attempt to escape the Underworld uncovers new storylines and character development, making each death a narrative advancement rather than a setback. This unique approach to storytelling maintains a constant sense of progression, even in the face of defeat.
Art and Sound Design
» Another notable characteristic of Hades is that it boasts a visually stunning art style that effortlessly blends hand-drawn artwork with vibrant colors and fluid animations. Each character, enemy, and environment is thoughtfully designed, vividly animating the world of Greek mythology with an enchanting and distinctive allure. From the grand halls of Olympus to the foreboding depths of Tartarus, every location is filled with rich details, evoking a sense of awe and wonder.
Complementing the stunning visuals is a compelling soundtrack that perfectly captures the intensity and emotion of every moment. From the thunderous clash of weapons to the haunting melodies that accompany your journey, every audio element is expertly crafted. The voice acting is exceptional, with each character expressing their personality and emotions with conviction. The soundtrack also perfectly captures the game’s atmosphere, blending epic orchestral compositions with modern rock and electronic elements.
Replayability
» One of the hallmarks of a great roguelike is its replayability, and Hades excels in this aspect. The game’s branching narrative paths and multiple endings provide additional incentives for multiple playthroughs, encouraging players to explore different choices and consequences. With its addictive gameplay loop, diverse combat options, and the promise of uncovering new narrative elements, Hades offers a roguelike experience that remains captivating and fresh even after countless hours of play. Even if you’re aiming to master every weapon, unlock all the character relationships, or discover the hidden truths of the Underworld, Hades rewards dedication and exploration, making it an absolute joy to revisit time and time again.
Conclusion
» In summary, whether you're a fan of the roguelike genre or simply seeking a gripping and immersive gaming experience, Hades is an absolute must-play that will keep you hooked from the first escape attempt to the last. Prepare to embark on an unforgettable journey through Greek mythology, where each run is a new adventure filled with danger, discovery, and devilishly good fun.
Score: 9.6/10
Was this review helpful?
» If so, please leave a rating. Awards are also greatly appreciated!

Posted: July 1, 2021
The most fun i had with a game in years. Im 37 now, i never was a console player always used PC, and tho this game can be played on k+m this is the only game in decades that i can actually have fun on my controller (i struggle a lot on controller when i need to move my camera using a stick). It takes me back to that dopamine hit i got when i was in the arcades with all my friends. We need more games like this. I'm really looking for games like this now. I can see myself playing this one for a long long time.
10/10
Posted: May 4, 2023
"You've played for 514 hours
Would you recommend this game to other players?"
Uh... yeah. Yeah, I would. I'd recommend it, and then I'd recommend it again.
Posted: December 10, 2022
Supergiant Games does something so rare to see nowadays. Release a full-fledged finish game. Sure it had early access but they don't make you pay for more content later down the line, they see the game as finished and complete after putting hard work into it. That alone is a lost art in modern game design.
Posted: November 8, 2023
Hades is...
Well how would I say it... I have 100% achievements on this game and on the question "What did it cost?" I would probably answer everything. But I enjoyed it. It was perfect. Perfect. Everything. Down to the last minute details.
Posted: December 23, 2022
This is honestly the first game in many, many years that i got into easily and instantly feel the passion.
Incredibly well crafted, engaging, polished, has wicked OST and an absurd amount of attention to detail to EVERYTHING.
The game play is easy to get into but challenging. Smooth, incredibly satisfying with a very natural progression.
At no time while playing did i feel dissatisified or in need of any QoL improvements, i encountered no bugs or crashes and the game runs as smooth as butter.
Very well written with endless fun witty narration. Displaying the characters in a engaging and fun way while keeping it mostly based on actual lore with a twist.
This game is in my eyes an actual masterpiece, worth full price and more than that.
Posted: June 22, 2022
The story and voice acting is so good in Hades that I sometimes find myself considering spiking a run just to get back to see what the NPCs have to say.
Hades at it’s core is not about the story or achievements. That is just a cherry on top. The main fun of the game is how you deal with the randomness of boons and power ups given to you with an increase of challenges.
Consider this:
-Writing good dialog is hard.
-Finding good voice actors is hard.
-Sitting with those voice actors and recording thousands of lines of dialog is hard.
And that's just one tiny aspect of the game they nailed. There is a reason why this game has such great reputation. A quote I keep coming back to is from Blizzard's hayday (back when they only released good games): “Polish one thing in a game, and nobody notices, polish a thousand things and people notice." Go buy this freaking game, you won’t regret it.
10/10
Posted: December 14, 2019
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's like if Furi and Dead Cells had a kid that was super into Greek mythology.
Posted: August 1, 2020
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
You can pet the Cerberus.
!
Posted: September 13, 2021
you can pet cerberus
10/10
Posted: March 9, 2022
everyone in this game is hot
Posted: November 25, 2020
Game of the year 2020.
Everything about Hades is very well made. Lovely story, pleasing graphics, fun soundtrack, varied gameplay with many ways to win/die - huge replayability. Easy to pick up, hard to master.
Also devs who really care about their product.
Buy and have a good time.
Posted: January 7, 2021
Product received for free
Hades is a satisfying action roguelite with a voice acted story inspired by Greek mythology.
The story is about prince Zagreus trying to escape the Underworld with the help of the Olympian gods. All the characters are voice acted and have interesting personalities fitting to the legends of the Greek myths. Gameplay progression is tied to progressing the story. Talking with everyone while preparing to fight at the house of Hades, completing a run, picking up god boons during a run gives progress for both the story, few lines at a time and to unlock new game features.
As a roguelite, it puts half of the player strength in the current run upgrades and the focus on learning the enemy patterns due to limited healing. The combat is fast paced and challenging. It's a mix of weaving attacks while dashing and most enemies can be staggered. Enemies have clear visual and audio cues for their attacks. The permanent upgrades are significant, but not overpowered when maxed. They serve to add extra health and damage with the best being the extra dash charge and lives (death defiance). Unlockable companions can be used a few times per run, but they are only available later in the game.
There are 6 weapons that offer different playstyles and they are all viable to complete a run regardless if they are melee, medium or long range. Each of the weapons has 4 different aspects that improve parts of them with the hidden aspect completely changing how the weapon plays. Depending on your playstyle, you may find some of the hidden aspects a downgrade to the weapon and stick with the other aspects.
A big part of the game is repeating the run for better understanding of the enemy attack patterns and grinding for resources until you can beat it. But the game doesn't end after completing it once, as there are different goals to accomplish. There are new upgrades for the weapons, more story and pacts of punishment that offer a handicap for increased challenge and rewards. A run usually lasts between 20 and 60 minutes.
The efforts from your runs are rewarded by making the lives of everyone better, from silly things like getting an autograph for someone to helping others reconnect after a long break and moving past regrets. There is a lot of attention to detail that enriches the game, you can pet Cerberus, greet your supportive shade in the arena every time you pass it, purchase cosmetics for the house. You can also romance 3 characters where you can get to "do it" with 2 of them, one male, one female (screen turns black with only some sound).
A run takes place in 4 different sections of the Underworld, moving from chamber to chamber, fighting enemies until you reach the boss. Boss encounters show variety by facing a similar but different version of them that can be made harder with the extreme measure pact of punishment. When encountered, they have back and forth banter relating to past runs, events that happened or even the weapon you are using.
Despite the variety the game offers, if you want to progress the story to it's epilogue, it's more productive to start a run and quickly die to progress character dialogue as it's only one dialogue per run. I found myself 48 hours in, having tried different pact of punishment challenges, unlocking most of the upgrades and all weapons, still having to "waste" about 20 runs to get to the story epilogue. I think this is the only downside to an otherwise great game. The game offers a God Mode that reduces damage taken to make it easier if you are only here for the story.
For achievement hunters:
There are some challenges, no missable achievements, but RNG and grind makes it a time investment.
Posted: August 13, 2020
-- EDIT SINCE 1.0 (FULL) RELEASE:
Let's just say, since full release yesterday, I've restarted the game because I know the devs worked their a$$es of to give us their labor of love during a freaking pandemic, and they deserve me experiencing all their hard work, not just "how does it end?"
I have already seen much of the changes, and yes, my prediction was very true: it was absolutely worth the wait.
They shaved the grind down from an unruly beard to a manageable mustache. They gave us MORE of the wonderful dialogue. They absolutely heard raves and complaints and did what they could to round the sharp edges without making it less amazing.
It is STILL the best rogue-like I've ever played in my gaming life. And, that's not an exaggeration.
Get it. You'll love it.
-- ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW:
I've never in my entire gaming life met a rogue-like that is this much fun.
Seriously.
I mean, the stories of Hades and Persephone and Orpheus and Eurydice are all amazing as they are. Tossing in some Zagreus gives it even more flavor. And, it's amazingly rare to find a rogue-like with a decent story worth pursuing after dying over and over again.
Plus, the dialogue is just funny as hell. And, there's a lot of it. You can tell that the voice actors had a lot of fun doing their parts.
Technically, the game is well-balanced for one that's not even finished yet. And, should you "beat" it, it has enough replay value to keep you occupied for quite some time.
I think my only real gripe is it has a certain amount of grind to it. Granted, when it comes to grinding for gems or diamonds, you don't necessarily HAVE to do it to enjoy the game, but you sure as hell miss out on a bunch if you don't. I don't mind a bit of grind, but when a room only drops FIVE gems at a time and later improvements to the House or buying certain contracts costs THOUSANDS, it gets a bit tedious. The Wretched Broker is a gods send to help with that, but still sometimes his exchange rate makes me want to report him to the Infernal Business Bureau. (Which I suppose is Hades, and he'd probably just laugh.)
Granted, being an unfinished game, the devs are obviously trying to give us something to keep us going until they release the final update, which they say is due before the end of the year.
Either way, this game is an excellent use of your time. It's obviously a labor of love, and I absolutely say it's worth getting now. You'll hardly find a more polished game tagged as Early Access. I, for one, can't wait until it's final release.
Posted: March 28, 2022
I'm not normally into rogue-like/lite games, but boy am I glad to have been able to try out this one. If having to replay same levels over and over again inescapably makes you feel like a hamster trapped in a wheel, this game will make you feel like a hamster who purchased a fancy exercise wheel that tastefully accompanies you on your rodent fitness journey with clever and entertaining motivational messages while dispensing healthy gourmet treats at appropriate intervals. [Holy cognitive re-framing, Batman!]
Strange metaphors aside, the game is indeed an audio and visual treat. Beautiful art concept with plenty of adorable little details to pay attention to, like the emote reactions of random shades (which btw I really wish they'd made available as Steam emoticons) or tiny candles being blown out by your attacks.
Many times, particularly at the start, I had to just stop and admire the decor or observe random background events that have no impact on the gameplay or story - Hades doing administrative work, Dusa and Meg gossiping on a girls' night out, random shades talking about the often ironic circumstances of their demise.
You've probably already heard that the music is amazing, and it really is great, from background battle sequences to vocal tracks. And the voice acting... wow! Every character is memorable, every dialogue is enjoyable. Including that one (quite important) character who basically speaks zombie. Also, mad props to whoever voiced Tisiphone... I actually got really curious to hear what she'll have to say every time I was about to meet her (more like 'how' rather that 'what', hard to explain without spoiling the encounter for new players), & I have to say, the er... character development was an amusing surprise.
The story is a tongue-in-cheek modernized take on a certain Greek myth, with a corporate twist. It's very well written, entertaining and at a certain point even emotional. I don't know if they made a gazillion recordings or if the lines are so well randomized, maybe it's both, but I barely noticed any repetition. Even after I finished the game, all achievements included, I still encounter lines that I haven't heard before here and there, and there's always something to make me chuckle.
Gameplay-wise, it's usually pretty easy to figure out the best tactics for each weapon. No rocket science. Except maybe when you get a certain ancient Greek weapon  The rewards system encourages you to switch it up and rotate your weaponry each escape attempt. Controls are simple, minimal finger nimbleness required. You'll receive random power-ups on your way, and while you will acquire limited tools to re-roll certain choices, you'll mostly be at the mercy of the Fates, i.e. RNG. In terms of play style, you can try going more in-depth by doing a bit of wiki diving and pre-planning your build, or you can just pick whatever seems good enough in the moment. I've been able to successfully escape with both approaches, so... you're free to do as you may. :)
Lots of love and talent was put into this game, and it was an absolute delight to come back to, over and over again, for a few achievement-grinding laps in Hell.
Posted: October 14, 2022
Don't forget to pet Cerberus
Posted: June 29, 2020
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Dying doesn't feel that bad, Cerberus is always there for you to pet him
Posted: July 31, 2020
I would like, in some time, for the designers of this game to write a book on how they worked out the mechanics and progress triggers of this game. The way the NPCs make note of what's happening game-to-game shows that a LOT of intelligent design work went into how they want you to feel as you progress towards your ultimate goal.
This is a beautiful example of a nearly perfect Roguelike:
- The combat is intense but consistently fair
- Progression and the development of characters is perhaps the best I've ever seen in this genre
- Even after a hundred hours, there is still the feeling of "what will I find next?"
- The writing and voice work deserves awards. These are characters that behave as immortals would; with all of the time in the world to become more like themselves, the writing conveys their senses of purpose as well as their trappings and exposes lore at a consistent pace that seems utterly bottomless. I think many can see a bit of themselves in each lesser and greater god they encounter.
The game itself, is beautiful. The art and music are profoundly fitting for the setting. There's a muse around that I simply hung around with so that my wife could learn her song on the guitar.
This game is already worth more than twice the money I've paid for it, and it doesn't even have an ending yet.
This is a rare entry in the top tier of Roguelikes along with Isaac and Enter the Gungeon.
I -strongly- recommend playing the absolute hell out of it.
Posted: February 2
Abusive father lies to his son about his mother and the son fights back for answers with the help of his relatives.
A true family drama
Posted: March 17, 2022
Good boy deserves a pet every time you finish a run
Posted: September 17, 2021
Supergiant Games style, present in previous releases like Bastion and Transistor, shines brightly in Hades, too. A key part of that style is a rich plot with well-written, well-realized, well-acted characters. Impressively, the game’s identity manages to stand out despite being rooted in the extremely familiar world of Greek mythology.
You play as Zagreus, hunky prince of the underworld and sulking son of Lord Hades himself. Each run represents an attempt to escape from the underworld to the mortal world on the surface, away from your wrathful father and back towards your unknown mother. Along the way you encounter your highfalutin Greek god relatives, from Artemis to Zeus, eager to help you come home to Olympus. Each death sends you back beneath Tartarus to the bloody pool in the House of Hades, where you interact with fellow dark residents to further the plot or just pet your three-headed dog Cerberus.
Hades structures its entire plot around the fact that you’ll die and play again many times. Even after you beat the game once you won’t entirely know what’s going on. To experience this story, you need to do a lot of fighting. Fortunately, Hades’ combat matches its narrative when it comes to gripping you and never letting go.
Hades masterfully nails its minute-to-minute mechanics alongside the larger character and story progression.
THE GOOD
- Gorgeous art and lush music
- Rich characters and emotional storytelling
- Great voice acting
- The story and characters are fascinating
- Addictive weapon and ability combinations
THE BAD
- Roguelite structure is inherently repetitive
10/10
DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT | AMAZING | MASTERPIECE
If you like this review, then please consider giving it a thumbs up. I've also reviewed other games that you might find interesting. If so please follow Top of the Chart.
Reviewed on: Win10 Home 64-bit, Intel i5-11600K, GeForce RTX 3060 Ti 8GB TUF, 32GB DDR4-3600 RAM, Kingston NV1 1TB M.2 NVMe SSD
Posted: November 28, 2023
a grounded kid tries to sneak out of the house
Posted: November 2, 2021
Don't be fooled!! This is actually a dating game. Zagreus must decide whether he's into femdom with a purple lipstick big tiddy girl or hot gay sex with the lead singer of the smashing pumpkins
Posted: September 8, 2020
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Everyone is very pretty and really that's what matters
Posted: November 20, 2020
Let me tell you this - I'm no roguelike fan nor did I play other Supergiant games before. But Hades got my attention for its style and storytelling and I was blown away by it. Captivating, dynamic, fun, and challenging. From the music and acting to every last bit of writing and game mechanic, Hades bleeds talent and passion. An absolute gem of a game and my personal GOTY!
