Posted: December 14, 2021
i would like to drive isaac to mcdonalds and buy him a happy meal
Posted: August 13, 2022
The most fun you can legally have with a naked child in your basement
Posted: December 23, 2020
I hate The Bloat
Posted: April 27, 2021
this happened to my buddy Eric
Posted: June 5, 2021
what no father figure does to mf
Posted: February 23, 2021
Product received for free
Rebirth is an amazing game! It improved on flash Isaac in almost every single way you can imagine and has served as a platform for a lot of new content to be added to the game. People have strong opinions about the way the game has developed since its release, but there's no denying that Rebirth itself was a slam dunk and a grand slam. One of the best roguelites ever made, and a huge inspiration for other developers in the genre ever since.
Posted: June 9, 2017
This game's greatest strength is its replayability and sustaining value. It may be one of the highest hour-to-dollar ratios in single-player gaming.
If you are the kind of gamer who reacts to a difficult challenge with a determination to conquer it, you will love the way this game continues to challenge, and challenge, and challenge further.
If you are the kind of gamer who goes into a game looking for suprises and discovery, you will be continuously pleased every time you find a cool new room, a game-changing item, crazy synergies between those items, and the games plaethora of well hidden secrets.
If you are the kind of gamer who loves to hunt achievements, this game will not only please you with the gargantuan number of achievements on display, but also in how the game integrates them with the core gameplay, rewarding you with in-game unlocks for almost every single achievement.
If you are the kind of gamer who just wants a game they can turn on whenever, wherever, and enjoy a short but enjoyable gaming session, this game is perfect. If you are in this category, buy it on the Switch if you have one.
If you are the kind of gamer that likes more casual experiences, that becomes very disheartened by dying or losing, is squeamish around gross imagery, or who doesn't want to have to look things up online, then you might find this game doesn't suit your tastes. One feature common amoung content rich games like this, Don't Starve or Minecraft is that they are often very hard to penetrate due to their emphasis on experimentation and unexplained features, requiring wiki usage, and other McMillen games like Super Meat Boy often deter those that justifiably claim "This game is too hard" or "This game is gross!" While very fun and rewarding to the kinds of gamers listed above, and highly recommended, do beware that if you are in this category, I do not recommend this game.
Posted: June 25, 2017
My first attempts at The Binding of Isaac resulted in me repeated dying in the first room I entered. Almost 2000 hours later in game I can now sometimes survive as the lost. Despite the frustration of dying A LOT, the challenge of getting further and further in game was what kept me returning day after day. Two years later it is still my most commonly played game.
With this many hours of enjoyment I feel like a review is long overdue.
Music - 5/5
I absolutely love the soundtrack for this game and it complements the theme of the game. Each floor has it's own unique tracks and ambient sounds which give a great atmosphere.
Standout tracks: Delirum, Diptera Sonata & Ascension (Chest Fight)
Graphics - 3/5
This is very much down to personal taste - I originally played the flash version of Binding of Isaac and once Rebirth came out with the pixel graphics I immediately hated it. It felt like a lot of the charm was gone. The art style has grown on me over time but I do still miss the old graphics.
Playability - 5/5
Giving this game any less than a 10 for me is impossible. In about 2000 hours I've run into a couple of bugs but rarely have they caused me to lose a run. The only memorable on is when using Dead Cat on a Sacrifice room it caused the game to crash but I've not had that occur in quite some time.
The controls were initally hard for me to get used to but they are simple and you do get used to them fairly quickly. I use a keyboard but have attempted the game with a controller but I found it a bit odd after having played so much of the game with the keyboard. Some friends have found it easier with controller when starting but I suppose that comes down to personal preference.
TOTAL: 13/15
The Binding of Isaac is fun (albeit, hard at times) game with a lot of charm. It's given me quite literally thousands of hours of enjoyment.
Posted: December 24, 2014
Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a remake of Binding of Isaac with new graphics, new mechanics, new monsters, new items and every aspect of the game has been enhanced. New content has been added everywhere possible, the game feels infinitely smoother, is so much nicer to play, and has many more hours of content to keep you satisfied for longer. If you enjoyed the original Binding of Isaac, Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is going to be infinitely better and I can promise instant satisfaction. This review will consist of comparisons between the original and Rebirth, what’s good, what’s bad, possible changes and just an overall look at various aspects of the game including everything that comes to mind. It is often a bit rambly, because I talk extensively about every detail I like and every component that irks me. For a full recommendation of the game and a continuation of the review, visit the last paragraph.
A basic introduction to Binding of Isaac overall is an attempt to run away from your Mother who is trying to kill you. You run into the basement, where you find various items which can be beneficial, harmful or simply useless to your overall goal of surviving. You shoot the enemies with your tears to kill them while running away from them and their tears to avoid taking damage. Once you die, that run is over. The game is perma-death, so you have to start again from scratch. The game is also absolutely disgusting. There isn’t too much blood, but knowing that these monsters have lived in your dusty old basement, been transformed into ugly mutilated creatures and that this is what becomes of you as you take pills and pick up items is gross. Once you get past the horrid enemies, the game is pretty simple and is extremely fun to all who like the challenge of a game like this..
This game has a bunch of different characters, all of which have different unique aspects. Some characters are easier to play than others, which in the eyes of many people, makes those characters more fun. I wish the characters were more balanced, but it’s very rarely possible to have 10 different characters you can play as that all play with equal difficulty. There are bound to be some easier, more fun and more interesting characters, and that’s what makes them unique. Something that’s missing from the classes however, is all the characters being unique. Some of the playstyles of the characters feel too similar, and some of the things that made characters unique in the original Binding of Isaac have disappeared in Rebirth.
Samson no longer starts with a soul heart along with 1 red heart, an interesting aspect of Samson that made him a challenge in the original game. Rather, he starts with 3 red hearts, probably to accompany the change in the item of Bloody Lust making it a damage output increase relative to the amount of damage taken for the entire floor. This is an interesting change, but it makes Samson more of a tanky character, similar to Magdalene, rather than the weaker character with more potential. I believe a better change would have been to give Samson a spacebar item and keep his stats the same as they are in the original, and the effect of Bloody Lust relative to the amount of kills you get while still maintaining it’s effect over the floor.
Lucky Foot, the item that made Cain a fun character to play in the original, has been significantly nerfed, making Cain a character that lacks a truly unique aspect. While Lucky Foot is still a luck up, a single luck increase does not have much of an effect as most items that use luck to work require a lot of it to work extremely well. If the Lucky Foot could still make the Fortune Machine work all the time, or at least most of the time, and increase the luck stat by multiple points rather than just one, Cain would be a much more interesting character to play and much more unique.
A good addition to Rebirth is that all the stats are finally given good use and are recorded. The luck stat is used in everything it should, with a bunch of items now using the luck stat to perform more efficiently, all methods of gambling in the game being affected by luck and it now being shown on the pause screen when you press escape. They’ve also shown all the stats, including shot speed and luck as previously mentioned, on the pause screen, which were not there in the original game.
There are some enemies in the game that have been made impossible to fight. Bloat is a boss that shoots brimstone like lasers out of his eyes, which wasn’t too bad in the original but in this game there is no ‘tell’ (something that means he’s going to do a certain attack) for when he is going to shoot it, and before you can move out of the way, there is a laser and you’ve been hit. The same thing applies to the Lumps in the womb and the Mom eyes in the red champion Mom fight, which shoot instantly upon popping up and you have no time to react to the high speed shot. There are a lot of enemies that do similar things, and still a lot of rooms remain where it’s almost impossible to leave without taking damage.
Something I noticed that’s new in Rebirth is that everything from the original now has an equivalent. Every form of fly-related enemy now has a spider version that does the same thing, and a lot of similar aspects like that. It makes the game more uniform, because now there are a lot more interesting spiders which were missing from the original game and a lot of new versions of both flies and spiders which add a lot to the challenge of learning new elements of the game.
Easily one of the best new additions in Rebirth is the ability to save your progress in a run. You can stop it at any time, close the game, and start again from where you left off at a later point. You can’t start another run while in the middle of a previous one without overriding the previous run’s data, but it’s still an extremely useful feature, since in the previous game we had to leave the game running to continue a round of BoI.
One of the more fun new additions is rooms of varying sizes. They aren’t anything like a random size, but they can now be a single normal room, as all the rooms were in the original BoI, they can be double rooms extended either horizontally or vertically, and they can even be quadruple rooms that extend in both directions. The animation for travelling through such rooms can apparently cause motion sickness, and it can be turned off by changing something in one of the files (I’m not quite sure what). Personally, I quite like the animation, and it makes moving around large rooms extremely fun.
Overall, this game is easily worth the $15 if you liked the original Binding of Isaac, and at the time of the making of this review there was no DLC released (if there ever will be any), so that might be added in the future. This is an action packed perma-death roguelike with infinite replayability and hundreds of hours of gameplay to unlock all the achievements and secrets. As Steam limits the size of community reviews, you can find the rest of my review here[1drv.ms].
In the rest of the review, I go over:
Synergies
Chained/Boarded Rooms
Ludovico Technique
Boss Rush rooms
Multiplayer
Posted: December 29, 2021
Dear Eddie,
Well what is there to say?
You started as a young lad on a documentary, sketchbooking your way to a game called Super Meat Min.
From there, you opened up the old Adobe flash, and made a little ditty called Isaac. Some called it Zelda, others called it Eddie's Special.
Fast forward 10 years plos plos, here we are. A finished product that they will send in orbeez to a moon base one day. Not because it is a dopamine delivery service. But it is a dopamine story service. The stories in Isaac are all around you, if you believe.
Edwin, thank you for making a canvas of a game, that allows pogs to be thrown at it from every angle, and no matter who is looking at it, they see something different.
Some call it tinted, we call it tainted.
Thank you for the masterpiece. It will always be remembered in our horts.
If you have never played this game, and like fun things that are fun, you owe it to yourself to give it the old spin of the D6....plus you never know what you may end up with, which is part of the allurance.
Love,
R Key
Posted: June 6, 2022
I dont get validation IRL so I need to to get it from achievements. Look at me, I 100% TBOI without cheating, are you proud now?
666 hours, never playing this game again
Posted: November 5, 2022
A nice christian game
Posted: October 27, 2021
This game makes me want to kill myself :)
Posted: May 10, 2021
i hate the little red spiders so much its unreal
Posted: December 28, 2023
i recently corrupted my save data of about 800 hours and i would rather unlock everything again than cheat it
i dont think i would do that for literally any other game
Posted: March 7, 2021
Today I FINALLY got 100% achievements, so I think it makes sense to finally write this review. I've sunk well over 1000hrs into this game spread over several years, and I can confidently say that none of those hours were boring. There were definitely more than a few playthroughs where I wanted to tear my hair out in frustration, but the fun and excitement of making it to the end with the perfect item combinations makes it very rewarding as well. If anything, this game definitely has high replay value.
Everything that went into the design of this game works perfectly together. The art style, soundtrack, and of course the awesome gameplay. I think I am most impressed by the way some really disgusting and disturbing things were made to look really cute.
The Binding of Isaac is an essential title for fans of roguelites and sets the bar very high for other developers following in its footsteps. For me, this is one of those rare titles that far exceeds its hype. Highly recommended.
Posted: April 7, 2023
You play as a victim of child abuse fighting God, the Devil and your mum while drinking car batteries and eating crayons. 9/10
Posted: November 4, 2014
+ The amount of stuff to grab and to do, insane
+ New engine blows the old Isaac out of the water (fire effects, shadows, etc.)
+ Game is amazingly smooth and clean
+ Too many achievements to count for
+ Too many hours spent in perspective
+ Best poop simulator EVER!
- Incompatible with social life outside the PC.
- UPDATE: Had the music on the "+" but moved it here. Sounded incredible on the first run but on the long run it's kinda grating. Makes me miss Danny's amazing soundtrack.
Posted: February 13, 2015
I love this game, alot. It completely blows the original out of the water. Here's some pros/cons:
Pros:
-More Playable characters.
-More Bosses
-More Items
-8 Billion seeded runs!
-Better mechanics
-A whole load of bug fixes.
-A massive amount of playtime.
-New Challenges
-Boss rush
-16 Endings!
-Easier to break >:) !
Cons:
-The Keeper..
In all seriousness, this is one of my favourite games of all time. Fantastic, active and passionate community, Northernlion's videos are what keeps me warm at night. Incredible fun, highly recommended.
Posted: November 24, 2023
About a month ago I was diagnosed with a terminal illness and the doctors have given me a year at best. I decided to attempt to 100% the game before my time ran out and I'm so glad i was able to play this before i go. I don't know how many of you will see this: but I recommend you to play this game. Gameplay,atmosphere,mechanics, everything is masterfully crafted. If you read this, Edmund, thank you for changing my life and good bye.
Posted: January 7, 2022
So far so good.... but I'll have to give it some more time.
Posted: October 10, 2023
my doctor said i had haemolacria and next thing i know i was dancing at his office
Posted: June 10, 2023
why dat mf eyesac always cring
Posted: December 12, 2016
After 2000 hours played (with a few hundred on the original Flash version) I guess I should write a review.
This is a good game. I think you should buy it.
Posted: April 3, 2021
Replaced my crippling drug addiction with this game, 11/10
Posted: June 16, 2023
Isaac we love you
Posted: February 2
MY PARENTS GOT DIVORCED
(TEARS UP!!!!!!!!!!)
Posted: March 25, 2023
yea i kinda like it
Posted: February 3, 2022
he is crying :(
Posted: January 9, 2015
If you get into this game you will no longer find it weird when people say things like
'I hope I'll get proptosis'
'Cancer! Great!'
'I'm not sure if I wanna pick up dead cat'
'Headless baby, it's an okay pickup'
'I should be able to kill mom'
there's like 350 items, lots of bosses, enemies, synergies,characters,challenges and it has a lot of replay value, all that cool stuff you want in a video game
the soundtrack is nice too
Posted: November 7, 2022
This game is a mix of wanting to jump off a bridge and having sex for the first time
Posted: May 4, 2023
Great game for masochists.
Posted: February 18
Best game ever...has ruined all other games for me and I dont know how to move on with my life
Posted: June 1, 2017
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth Is One Of The Best Indie Game Of All Time!
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth Is A Indie Game Made By Ed McMillan (The Same Person That Made Super Meat Boy, Gish And The End Is Nigh), That Is Great Fun To Play And Then Complete (Yep I Put Money On It That You Will TRY To 100%)
PROS:
Hundreds Of Items (504)
100+ Trinkets (122)
Loads Of Unlocks
Hundreds Of Hours Play Time
Lovely Pixel Art Style
CONS:
Hard To Get Into (To Learn All The Items/Trinkets/Enemies)
Frustrating (You Will See What I Mean)
Shoop Da Whoop (JK)
Summary:
A Very Fun Indie Game, Made By The GOD Of Indie Games ED McMillan, With Hundreds IF NOT Thousands Of Hours Play Time!
"7/10 FUN BUT ANNOYING"
Posted: November 5, 2015
Disclaimer: This game has a steep learning curve. The basis of this game is knowledge, the community spreads their knowledge, almost making a meta. The Binding of Isaac is a very fun game for me and I love it's art style. That being said here are some pros and cons:
Pros:
1. Precise gameplay (in terms of movement, shooting and the bullet hell aspects.)
2. Wide variety of bosses
3. Randomized everything!
4. Great soundtrack!
5. Wide variety of characters
6. (With Afterbirth) Interesting greed mode with cool final boss
7. Great community!
Cons:
1. Very hard to memorize what _____ Item does. (maybe its just me, idk)
2. Ouch! Alot of bullet hell aspects. (Im bad at those)
Anyway, the cons are pretty much because those are my personal issues with it. Believe me, if you want replayability and a good game to stream/ play through blind then this is it!
Posted: November 11, 2022
I HATE THIS GAME
Posted: May 25, 2021
tiny boy crie and shid himself
Posted: March 20, 2023
y that mfer eyesac always cryin
Posted: July 23, 2022
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣈⣮⣮⣮⣮⣮⢌⠈⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢌⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏⣠⣮⠎⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣿⡿⡷⡷⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⡷⣷⠏⣿⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣱⡿⠀⣱⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠝⣿⠆⠐⣌⠿⢓⢉⢈⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠐⣿⣮⣮⣮⣾⠏⡦⡦⠦⣰⣯⣮⠮⣀⣿⣡⣿⣿⣿⠎⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡰⣷⣿⣿⣿⣿⣮⣮⣮⣿⣿⠇⣮⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠳⡳⣷⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣰⣿⢿⡿⣷⣿⣿⡿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣌⢙⢙⢙⢙⢙⠈⠰⣿⣿⠧⠐⠑⠑⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣱⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡰⣿⠏⣰⣿⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⠁⠀⠑⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Posted: November 6, 2014
If you enoyed The Binding of Isaac, you will absolutely love this game. BoI was one of my favourite games from the past few years, and I never thought it could be so much better. Well, it is. Rebirth takes the addictive formula from the flash version of BoI/WotL and made it even more satisfying and addictive this time. The controls are so smooth, the graphics are spot on, and you can tell how much love was put into this game. I simply cannot put this game down, and I highly recommend picking this game up, it is worth every single penny.
Posted: June 2, 2021
its ok
Posted: December 24, 2022
Great game for people who hate winning
Posted: October 12, 2020
help me
Posted: October 15, 2023
bdingi of issac
Posted: December 25, 2022
Played a couple of hours, kinda nice u know? Will see how it goes
Posted: February 17, 2023
Have you seen the amount of people with 500+ hours in this game ?
Well. You've been warned.
Posted: April 21, 2022
life-ruining experience
Posted: May 21, 2022
i hate this game
Posted: July 11, 2015
'When life gives you lemons, reroll.'
Fortune Teller Machine
__________________________________________
Introduction
At first I did not know what to think of the 'Binding of Isaac: Rebirth': I've been attacked by smiling piles of poop and killed them with my tears. Meanwhile I was picking up several toxic substances and organs before I died quite soon to the creepy version of 'Snake'. My thoughts were pretty much:
"What is this? Why... oh my god, wtf. Ah, c'mon one more try."
Approximately several hundred deaths later (killed by: poop, fire, flies, severed heads, living hearts, creepy huge spiders, needles, eyeballs, headless torsos and other stuff right from a creepy horror story) I can definitely say: This game is awesome and I can't stop playing it. It's probably the best rogue-like that I've played so far and even after 60 hours I've seen nearly nothing of the content. There's just so much stuff to do and an insane amount of unlockables and secrets to discover.
(Edit: It took me 269 hours to finish everything and getting every item at least once. Oh boy, that was an experience full of hate and love. Definitely an emotional rollercoaster. The Lost vs. Mega Satan. Nope. Won't do this again...)
The games' concept consists of random dungeons and items, a hard difficulty with permanent death and many secrets that players will stumble upon on their journey through little Isaac's basement.
These aspects can be found in many other games as well, however here all of it is being combined so extremly well that it creates a game in what everything fits together perfectly. There are several characters with different stats and starting items, a ton of items, trinkets and stuff that can be found and unlocked (with their synergies they decide the run as they either make you a looser or a superhero), dozens of different room types and areas, lots of creepy enemies, bosses and many traps and secrets.
In addition most of the content is only unlocked after playing through the game multiple times. Then it's possible that the former endboss isn't the real endboss anymore and that you can access even more areas after its death. Moreover there are also special challenges, a hard mode, different endings and stuff like e.g. curses that randomly appear during a game and make everything even more uncomfortable for our little 'hero'.
In 'The Binding of Isaac' every run you do really feels unique and that is what I really love about the game: It never feels repetitive.
__________________________________________
Visuals and Audio
In addition I like the concept and style that is somewhere between a freaky horror version of a child's book and the insane nightmare of a mad man - just in the super cute version mixed with some creepy sounds.
The music is really catchy and the pixelated graphics are very well done, support the atmosphere and make the game seem even dirtier (for the pixel-haters: this filter can be turned off). The game is based around several names, items and stories from the bible and christianity and the main story is about a mother who wants to sacrifice her son to god.
I also have to admit that the intro sequence was quite interesting and I really liked all the subtle story hints. They are like different puzzle pieces that fit together and every run adds another element to the whole picture.
__________________________________________
Contra
Talking about the negative points you definitely have to face one fact: some stuff of the game can be an instant turn-off for people. The 'cute but gory ickyness' of the game is definitely very special.
And it's really hard. Okay it's a rogue-like, they tend to be hard, but even for their standards this game is a tough cookie. Even more if you plan on getting all the achievements. However I don't really care about this, I just start my character, hope for some good items, get wrecked on a boss (or a regular enemy/fire/needles...) and then I just start over. And all the time it gets a bit easier as you understand the enemies, items and the boss' movements (don't worry you'll still die a lot though...).
(Well, in the end I cared about the achievements and spent way more hours in this game than I would have ever though...)
__________________________________________
Conclusion
So all in all I can definitely recommend this game. From my point of every part of it fits together perfectly and the game provides a ton of fun. The new DLC 'Afterbirth' adds even more enemies, items, synergies and modes to the main game, boosting the time for unlocking everything to insane heights. There is enough stuff to do for several hundred of hours. If you don't mind the 'weird' style and the special humour the game is definitely at least a 9 out of 10.
And let us be honest: 'The Binding of Isaac' is the only game where it's at least kind of okay to scream things like:
'YES, I got cancer!!!'
or
'Sweet I found an injection with green looking acid! Now my tears are green and melt through poop, bones and these headless freaks!'
or
'Great, this pile of sh*t dropped a lunch and some hearts!'
...but probably it would be better NOT to call out loud the names of all the items you get. Sentences like 'I got a...
Headless Baby
The head of my Dead Cat
Bob's Bladder
Stem Cells
(...)
now I can kill my mother!!! Die, die, die! *insert insane laugh here*'
...could end with some pretty freaked out people calling the police and you spending the night in a dirty little cell. Well, it may at least have a trap door and a basement...
Posted: July 10, 2022
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⠿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢺⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠆⠜⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠿⠛⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⡏⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣠⣤⣤⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣦⣤⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢿⡧⠇⢀⣤⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣾⣮⣭⣿⡻⣽⣒⠀⣤⣜⣭⠐⢐⣒⠢⢰⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣏⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⣾⣿⠂⢈⢿⣷⣞⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣽⣿⣿⣷⣶⣾⡿⠿⣿⠗⠈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠻⠋⠉⠑⠀⠀⢘⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⢹⣿⣿⡇⢀⣶⣶⠴⠶⠀⠀⢽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⠀⠀⠣⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡟⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣧⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡀⣴⠁⢘⡙⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⠉⠉⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠙⢿⠗⠂⠄⠀⣴⡟⠀⠀⡃⠀⠉⠉⠟⡿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢷⠾⠛⠂⢹⠀⠀⠀⢡⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠛⠿⢿
Posted: December 13, 2017
Imagine a time traveler had come to you ten years ago and told you one of the biggest gaming hits of the future would be about a naked boy crying bloody tears on piles of poop. You’d probably have him hauled away before he got to the part about buying Bitcoin but that’s just what happened with Edmund McMillen’s grotesque opus, captivating the world with an eclectic mix of top-down shooting and roguelike elements. The original Binding of Isaac was a solid design held back by the limitations of Flash, so it only makes sense that they would produce a more robust remake in The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. And they did, just perhaps not one for their entire audience.
I suppose it’s theoretically possible you don’t know what Isaac is about, so real quick: Happy little Isaac’s mom hears the voice of God commanding her to sacrifice her boy, so he escapes into the cellars and caverns beneath their home. There he finds a horde of malformed children, fetuses, insects, and worse intent on keeping him company forever. Arming himself with cast-off refuse and offal, Isaac must battle his way to whatever salvation lies at the end of his dark path. Death can come quickly, but each attempt at escape places him in a new arrangement of halls and chambers to find his way out of.
It’s an absolute horror show of a game, tempered only by the soft-edged pixel art and dim cartoonishness of the designs. You definitely wouldn’t want to play this thing when you or your wife are expecting (I did this and had some powerfully ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up dreams), or if you’re very much squeamish about bodily fluids or gaping orifices. I mean, you’re here now on the internet so that’s probably not the case, but the point is that this isn’t the kind of thing you want to play on your lunch break at work. Time has tempered how vile Isaac and his foes can be, though I could still see it being a hang-up for the less edgy folks in the audience.
The artistic direction can only overshadow the design so much, though, and Binding of Isaac would not be the classic it is without a stellar design. It’s built like a randomized Legend of Zelda (the original, if you weren’t a fetus back then) kept solely in the dungeons, grids of rooms full of monsters you must defeat before moving onward. The enemy and room arrangements get more challenging as you descend further, so locating the upgrade items on each floor is key to survival. These can enhance your main weapon, your tears, in all kinds of zany ways, or provide new abilities like flight or shields, or grant consumable or temporary effects. You’ll need other resources like bombs or keys to find some, which can be located with a little foreknowledge or a lot of luck.
If any one thing about BoI is what makes it great, it’s the hundreds of items to find. Truly any combination of powerups you can conceive of is present here, with even more in this version than there was in the last. In just the first few hours of play I’ve found triple shots, homing shots, charge shots, juking shots, remote-controlled shots, spiraling shots, poisonous shots, sticky shots, huge shots, clouds of tiny shots, and more. These different effects can be mixed as well, granting a whole new level of madness and unique mechanics to ever run you make. You’ll need something ridiculous to get past some of the beefier bosses but it’s rare that the RNG does not provide, assuming you know what you’re doing.
Really that’s the big potential hang-up with this title, the amount of foreknowledge you need to succeed at it. The original BoI was pretty good about ramping up as you scored wins and unlocked more goodies to find or fight in the dungeons, but Rebirth starts off in a more advanced place, with more unknown features. Veterans of the first will find half a dozen new kinds of rooms in just the first hour, with completely unexplained mechanics or purposes. Experimentation is of course an important part of any game but the path to sussing out these new features is far murkier than it was before. There are also more trap items than before, along with more powerful, hidden items that can make a huge difference only if you know the mechanics of obtaining them.
Coupled with the improved performance (you could often count on slowdown in the Flash version to save you), these additions make Rebirth a far more challenging package than the original BoI. New enemies also fill in the safe gaps of the old monster roster, featuring interesting new mechanics but also poking huge holes in old tactics. It ends up feeling like a harder, more punishing game to get into even with the original being a pretty steep challenge. That doesn’t make it a bad game by any stretch, just one harder to recommend to newcomers.
Honestly at this point you should already know if you want a game like The Binding of Isaac. Its reputation precedes it, dangling appendages and urine-soaked raiment and all. There are plenty more top-down roguelike shooters to choose from now but they were almost all inspired from this source, and not many capture the same magic of assembling a bizarre and overpowering build. You’ll have more characters to master, bosses to murder, and items to collect than ever before, along with some new challenge modes and secrets to pursue. The only question is whether or not you’ve got the time to invest in it, and the stomach for the challenge and the horror.
Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them at https://goldplatedgames.com/ or on my curation page!
Posted: July 29, 2023
You play as a naked 5 year old in basement. You need to kill your mother.
Posted: April 29, 2015
I played it just a little bit, I think it is ok.
Posted: November 4, 2014
After playing this for a little while, it ALREADY blows away all my expectations. As someone that has 500+ hours in the original, they were very high to begin with. The music is FANTASTIC, I still can't get over it. You have a difficulty option now, you can chose to play on normal or hard. This is great, as when you played the first sometimes it got too easy with everything unlocked! You have save files now, and can resume a run where you left off. No more leaving the game running for hours as you go to the store. Full controller support, dunno about a lot of different controllers, but it works flawlessly with an xbox 360 controller. You have a lot of new exciting items and power-ups. Things that were never possible in the first. More challenges, different room sizes and types, the list goes on. I had very high hopes for this, and already this gets everything right, even better than I had expected in the first place. This is a must, even if you didn't like the first binding of isaac, since it fixes a LOT of issues that most people had with the first. Highly recommended 10/10
Posted: August 4, 2021
child abuse
Posted: July 18, 2022
I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS GAME AND I ALSO AM IN LOVE WITH BOYS AND ENJOY KISSING THEM ON THEIR LIPS
Posted: February 17, 2022
well, 2600 hours played says it all.
Posted: November 23, 2015
The Most fun you can legally have with a naked child
Posted: December 26, 2020
I could have spent over 1000 hours doing something else. But I have no regrets? (I think?)
Posted: December 1, 2014
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a remastering of the original 2011 Binding of Isaac in short. The game play hearkens back to old school top-down 16-bit games. The most notable and recognizable being the Legend of Zelda titles for inspiration. In essence, the Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a rouge-like RPG where you play as Isaac (or one of the other unlockable characters) and you must traverse the basement of your house to escape the wrath of your mother, who hears from the voice of God and is told that you must be sacrificed. This premise sets the tone of the game being very creepy and unsettling as you defend against all manners of your lost brothers, sisters, creatures, and other grotesque monstrosities. Eventually leading to a showdown with your own mother as well (and even beyond that if you get good at the game and carry on).
What makes the Binding the Isaac such a great title comes from it's solid game play elements. The game play itself is very easy to understand at first, but becomes very deep with the inclusion of the upgrades via the rogue-like elements (easy to understand + difficult to master + luck of the draw + perma-death = Isaac in a nutshell). In order to get far into a run, you will need upgrades, and a lot of them. Isaac by default will only be able to fire his tears at the enemies in only the four cardinal directions, but many different upgrades can alter his tears or give them new effects. This is what can make or break a run in Binding of Isaac. Be warned, not all the upgrades are positive, which adds to the rogue-like elements, as some are ultimately poor or are only used in certain situations and can ruin a run, resulting in failure (high risk and high reward situations are the nature of the game). It is the element of luck the drives you to start up another run, see what upgrades and item combinations you will encounter each time. In this remastering of Binding of Isaac, there is the heavy emphasis on item/upgrade synergy. Coming across interesting item combinations and seeing how they interact with one another can create those overpowered moments (Brimstone plus Tammy's Head for example creates a short Brimstone shots in all directions when Tammy's Head is used) that make you feel like a god within the game, or create a silly combination where you have to work twice as hard just to clear a room.
So what if you already have played the original Binding of Isaac, what should you expect this time around in the remastering? In short, a lot more when compared with the original. More items and upgrades have introduced into the item pool, new bosses and enemies to encounter (for better or worse), a whole new art style very reminiscent of Gameboy Advance titles (pixel art style with a pixel smoother option in the options menu for those who prefer not to look at rigid pixels), seeded run options, 2-player local co-op play, controller support with analog stick integration, new soundtrack, three save slots, new lighting effects, and well just more to be honest. The sheer amount that was added to the game is staggering when compared to the original. Even at the $15 USD price, it still feels well worth the investment. You can get several hours in just from doing a few runs and seeing how far you will get and what crazy item combinations you will come across, or what new items/characters you will unlock for later runs. It is a challenging game no doubt, but I will admit that having one of those moments where you just barely defeat final boss of your run with only one health bar left, is nothing short of gratifying. If you have any slight interest in the rogue-like genre, this is genuinely a great title to try and own.
Worth it?: Yes
If on sale?: No question, yes
Available on: Steam (PC/Mac/Linux), PS4, PSVita
Posted: May 28, 2022
I am never free;
The Binding of Isaac is
torment eternal.
Posted: September 2, 2020
It's pretty good. Can't wait for Repentance
Posted: November 6, 2014
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, a remake of the flash game made by Edmund McMillen. A game I've been anticipating for a very long time. Everyone who doesn't have it might be wondering if it live up to the hype, is it better than the original? Is it a good game at all?
Absolutely.
Rebirth is an improvement on the original isaac in every single way imaginable. The art style, the gameplay, controller support, save files, everything you can think of is better in Rebirth. Its absolutely one of the best games I've ever played, and its only been 2 days! The game is everything I expected it to be and more. I can't say enough about how much of a pleasure it is to play this game. The original brought me into the genre of the roguelike/lite. And this one draws me in even more with all the incredible items and synergys.
I've heard people complain about the soundtrack, I really don't understand why. Its much better in my opinion, its more of a background ambient sound rather than an in your face track, and I find that fits this game incredibly well. The arcade and boss music is especially good. The only complaint that I've had issue with is keyboard problems occasionally, but its so minor and rarely affects anything, at least for me.
Rebirth is truely one of the best games I've played, and will probably be my game of the year. What are you waiting for?! Go pick up Rebirth and play the best rougelike to date.
Buy At Full Price
Posted: February 20, 2022
i woke up my entire family because i was killed by a bomb
Posted: March 6, 2023
Almost 10 years have passed, i'm barely past half of the achievements
Posted: January 9
I think my hours in this game say enough,
Posted: October 9, 2023
i messed up we gotta go bald
Posted: April 4, 2018
If this game was a pineapple it would be a nice pineapple.
Posted: February 11
⠀Nice game⢀⣈⣮⣮⣮⣮⣮⢌⠈⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢌⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏⣠⣮⠎⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣿⡿⡷⡷⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⡷⣷⠏⣿⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣱⡿⠀⣱⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠝⣿⠆⠐⣌⠿⢓⢉⢈⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠐⣿⣮⣮⣮⣾⠏⡦⡦⠦⣰⣯⣮⠮⣀⣿⣡⣿⣿⣿⠎⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡰⣷⣿⣿⣿⣿⣮⣮⣮⣿⣿⠇⣮⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠳⡳⣷⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣰⣿⢿⡿⣷⣿⣿⡿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣌⢙⢙⢙⢙⢙⠈⠰⣿⣿⠧⠐⠑⠑⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣱⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡰⣿⠏⣰⣿⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⠁⠀⠑⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Posted: November 4, 2014
1 And it came to pass after these things, that Edmund McMillen did tempt gamers, and said unto them, gamers: and he said, Behold, here I am.
2 And he said, Take now thy cash, thine only cash till next pay period, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Steam or Sony; and offer it there for 10 to 15 USD (dependent upon loyalty discount), offering upon one of the consoles which I will tell thee of.
3 And the gamers rose up early in the morning, and saddled their Honda Civics, and took two new Taco Bell Breakfast Crunchwraps, and their cash, and rose up, and went unto the place of which Edmund had told them.
4 Then on what felt like the billionth day the gamers lifted up their eyes, and saw the place afar off.
5 And they said unto their Crunchwraps, Abide ye here with the Honda Civics; and I and the cash will go yonder and worship, and come again to you.
6 And the gamers took their cash; and they went both of them together.
7 And the cash spake unto the gamers, their owners, and said, My owners: and they said, Here am I, my cash. And he said, Behold the cart, full: but where is the cash for offering?
8 And the gamers said, My cash, Edmund McMillen will provide himself cash for an offering: so they went both of them together, because mediums of exchange are incapable of critical thinking.
9 And they came to the place which Edmund had told them of; and the gamers chilled there, and placed the order, and bound their cash and laid him on the altar of purchase.
10 And the gamers stretched forth their hands, and inched their cursors towards confirmation.
11 And Tyrone Rodriguez called unto gamers out of Nicalis, and said, gamers, gamers: and he said, Here am I.
12 And he said, Lay not thine hand upon the cash, neither do thou any thing unto it: for now I know that thou fearest cancellation; seeing thou hast not withheld thy cash, thine only cash for this pay period.
13 And the gamers lifted up their eyes, and looked, and behold behind him a northern lion: and the gamers went and took the northern lion, and criticized him for taking Mom's Knife, in stead of their cash.
14 And the gamers called that game Rebirth: as it is said to this day, In the mount of Indie it shall be seen.
The Binding of Isaac, released back in 2011, is a rogue-like indie darling that wears its Zelda influences on its sleeves. You play as Isaac, a young boy living with his mother. His mother, convinced she is being spoken to by God, must offer Isaac up to prove her love and devotion to Him. Isaac, in an understandable act of defiant self-interest, descends into the basement to escape. It's there that the game begins. You fight all manner of monstrosities down below, ranging from hideous pin worms, cleft-lipped disembodied heads, physical manifestations of the Seven Deadly Sins, and the Horsemen of the Apocalypse.
You start fighting the denizens of your basement with your tears – yes, this game is a strange one – but as you progress you'll find unlockables (in stores, treasure rooms, arcades, etc.) that change your tear effects, sometimes drastically (and sometimes your appearance). To win you have to juggle health, bombs, keys, and money. You'll have to find secret rooms (and secreter rooms!). And of course, you'll have to fight... well, I won't spoil THAT. Suffice it to say you'll have some options. As you play, succeed, and succumb, you'll unlock items and characters for each subsequent playthrough. On top of that, items you find and unlock, enemies you encounter, and floor layouts all change with each descent – effectively making every run unique. The Binding of Isaac is one of the most highly replayable games around, with many players logging in hundreds if not thousands of hours.
It's a troubling trend lately that games have been getting the HD rerelease treatment so quickly after initial launch. The Last of Us, Tomb Raider, Sleeping Dogs, Metro – all have come out recently, all have had rereleases in fairly quick succession. It's no secret that gamers are suckers for a good dose of nostalgia, and that we're willing to pay top dollar for games we loved years ago that haven't necessarily weathered the passing of time so well. Now publishers are testing gaming goodwill with the constant stream of HD ports, definitive editions, remasters, and remakes.
It's been three years since Isaac's first appearance, and now he's back in The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. And just like way back in 2011 when he first burst onto the scene, he's stolen the show yet again. I've explained the core mechanics and features of the game in a previous paragraph, so I won't get all redundant on you. Instead I'll tell you what's new in Rebirth. New enemies, regular and boss types. New floor layouts. Bigger floors. New items. New trinkets (items you carry with you that result in an effect – Pink Eye gives you poison shots, Cancer increases number of tears, etc.). New challenge runs. More item synergies. More characters to play as. “Seeds” that allow you to choose a particular run. Hard mode for you masochists. Couch drop in/drop out co-op, ingeniously designed where a second player can take health from the first player and becomes a unique familiar, providing backup until death (as long as you have health to spare, you can respawn). Controller support. New soundtrack from Matthias Bossi and Jon Evans. More secrets. The ability to save. Chocolate orgasms.
…
Okay, not that last bit.
I could go on. Needless to say they took The Binding of Isaac and its DLC, Wrath of the Lamb, and compiled it into a single rerelease. Then they went and gave it a new splash of paint and hundreds of hours of content. Graphics are spectacular and detailed, the style is lovingly Zelda inspired, the music is fresh and exhilarating, enemies pop upon death, viscerally gratifying... it's truly a delight. If I have a minor ♥♥♥♥♥♥, it's that Rebirth feels kind of floaty compared to Vanilla Isaac, a little too fast – but that just might take some getting used to. It certainly hasn't deterred me. For players old and new Rebirth is at once familiar and exotic, and I predict that regardless of prior experience with Isaac you'll find yourself experiencing some gaming de ja vu. It really, truly is a gamer's game; a loving homage to why we picked up controllers in the first place.
But half the fun, my uninitiated friends, is discovering all this for yourselves... the bosses (and tactics required to take them down), the items, the secrets. It's a challenging game, I won't sugarcoat it. But pressing forward and beating that first boss, getting to a new level, glimpsing the final boss... all of these milestones are as rewarding as gaming experience get, period. And once you start at it, you won't stop. That's what those save files are for.
This is the indie game of the year. This is the only indie title you really need to buy in 2014... for fans of the series, for those unfamiliar, for sentient animals, and for any extraterrestrials and apparitions within earshot. You owe it to yourself to buy this, a title retro and modern all at once. This puts all of those HD rereleases, definitive editions, and remakes to shame. This is truly a rebirth; for indie games, for players, for devs and publishers... for gaming. The bar has been raised.
So what are you waiting for? Repent, every one of you, in the name of RNGesus for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of Rebirth.

Posted: June 22, 2021
if you buy this game and all the dlc you can say goodbye to your responsibilities
Posted: July 6, 2021
dot use high priestess card in an empty room worst mistake of my life
Posted: June 18, 2016
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth
Great game, amazing port of the original Isaac, beautiful graphics, and overall a very entertaining experience. Spent about 50hrs in the original game.
The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth
The Afterbirth DLC honestly expands on Rebirth in every possible way superbly. Plenty of new items, enemies, bosses, floors, and everything that a good DLC should add to a game. One of the best DLC's (in my opinion) to ever be released for a game. Spent about 325hrs in Afterbirth.
The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth+
Personally, in my experience, I did not enjoy Afterbirth+ as much as I hoped to. After hitting about 375hrs in the game I got tired, and I was hoping that Afterbirth+ would rekindle my interest in the game, but I must say it didn't quite do it for me. The new enemies were sort of bland, the items seemed either too complicated or too simple, and that can be very frustrating at some times. Almost any new boss is just a reskin, but I must say I did enjoy the final boss fight with Delerium.
TL;DR: The base game is 10/10, Afterbirth is 10/10, but I can't say I'd give Afterbirth+ much more than maybe a 6-7/10. I wouldn't advise getting Afterbirth+.
Posted: November 9, 2014
This game has enough content to keep you going for weeks if not months just to reach 100%, and even after that, you're stuck with a beatiful, fun, endlessly replayable game that runs at silky-smooth 60FPS on almost any machine.
That said, the game can and WILL kick your butt hard if you're not paying attention to what you're doing. However if you can play your cards right (sometimes literally), you can own the game and become death, the destroyer of floors.
If you enjoyed even a slight bit of the original, you'll be in love with the new game,
And let's not forget that the soundtrack is simply wicked, in all senses of the word.
Posted: November 29, 2020
can piss on my enemy 10/10 for realism

Posted: January 6
the binding of my sack
Posted: April 29, 2021
One of the best roguelike games... If you can get over Edmund's poop obsession
Posted: October 2, 2020
awesome game, if you plan on getting the achievements though you may be here for a few years
Posted: December 7, 2020
not bad
Posted: August 8, 2023
This Happened To My Buddy Eric
Posted: December 19, 2016
Isaac has some problems in his family. His mother, watching a religious TV program, decided to kill her son in sacrifice to God. The kid managed to jump into the basement, a network of catacombs, densely populated by a huge amount of monsters. And the only weapon he has are his tears.
In The Binding of Isaac Rebirth you clean room by room, collect bonuses, find hidden places and shops, and then defeat the boss and jump into the next door in the floor. A new level begins and it gets harder and harder. You do so a few times before meeting his mother, then Satan himself or someone else.
The Binding of Isaac is challenging, really difficult. The farther you get, the easier it is to die and then you have to start from the very beginning. But there are many items which help you to become stronger. So many that I even used the Isaac Wiki to get the full understanding of every item and situation in the game (it really helps!). One item teaches Isaac to jump (finally!), other causes tears or enemies to explode and hurt everyone around. You can upgrade your max HP (Hearts), the devil will sometimes reward you with the power of the dark side (wings and other strong abilities for some of your hearts). The style of play often changes radically in the middle of the race. You just scribbled tears in different directions, hardly finishing even the smallest creep and then you suddenly get a power-up that changes your whole gameplay and you kill even the hardest boss without any problems. But the thing is, it can be the other way round, too! It is also always interesting to see how every item affects Isaac, because every item changes his appearance, so each time he looks different: he acquires tumors, horns or a bloody grin, pulls mom's bra on his head or... something else.
Failure is a part of the process. Play, die, start again, play, die, again. But every time we get something new (achievements open new items), so you do not want to stop completely.
Rebirth added a lot of new enemies, bosses, items and secrets if you compare it with the original game. And this is good! Edmund McMillen and his colleagues made an excellent job. A game full of the most horrible fears, bitter tears of childhood and exciting ideas.
You can also play it with you friend locally. But it’s not the local multiplayer you’d expect. Instead of a full second hero your partner takes control of a little Ghost accompanying Isaac. It can't go through doors or pick up items, it can only help to do more dmg. I would like more, although it is not clear how anything else would fit into the current mechanics.
So all in all this game is really fantastic! - 10/10!
Click to get to my Curation Page
Posted: June 29, 2023
The only game where you are happy about having cancer. :)
Posted: April 20, 2021
not bad
Posted: November 17, 2021
This game is hard. If you're prone to throwing controllers, be warned that this might make you do so.
Sometimes it seems like the game is against you; you don't get consumables, your items are trash, etc.
But now and then you get good stuff. You have more money than you can spend. You break the game, take it by the scruff of the neck and wipe the floor with it until it's so shiny you can see yourself smiling in the reflection.
Now and then the most difficult bosses die at the press of a button. If you're lucky, you might one day go so far as to actually crash your game when it can't render all the amazing stuff your tears do, as your damage skyrockets, your enemies melt before you and the game just goes "Nope.".
And that, my friends, is what makes this game worth playing.
Posted: June 7, 2021
I will become back my money
Posted: February 25
this happened to me in real life
Posted: March 27, 2022
Undoubtley one of the games ever made
Posted: June 22, 2020
I just finished all 403 achievements with 572 hours. I'll let that do the talking for me.
Posted: October 8, 2021
dont believe the hype
Posted: May 13, 2021
Step 1. Choose a character
Step 2. Don't Die
Step 3. Fail Step 2
Step 3. Repeat until immense frustration
Step 4. Pray
Step 5. Realize God is trying to kill you
Step 6. Realize the devil is trying to kill you
Step 7. Realize everything is trying to kill you
Step 8. Find a way to kill everything.
Step 9. Attempt to kill everything
Step 10. Die to a pile of sentient poop
10/10 would die after an hour of struggling again.
Posted: June 26, 2017
If you like naked children mutating and injecting various chemicals into themselves, killing angels for a key, and selling your soul to satan himself for a dead cat, this is the game for you.
Posted: December 15, 2016
A drug. Simply addicting. A masterpiece you can't miss!
-Unlimited replayability
-Simple and cool graphic
-Amazing gameplay
Just try it and you won't regret!
Posted: April 30, 2022
havent played much but its good
Posted: August 6, 2022
I hope edmund stubs his toes for making this game.
Posted: December 26, 2023
isack
Posted: January 17, 2022
My christian mother wants to kill me in the name of god.
So i killed god
10/10
Posted: March 9
⠀Nice game⢀⣈⣮⣮⣮⣮⣮⢌⠈⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢌⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏⣠⣮⠎⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣿⡿⡷⡷⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⡷⣷⠏⣿⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣱⡿⠀⣱⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠝⣿⠆⠐⣌⠿⢓⢉⢈⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠐⣿⣮⣮⣮⣾⠏⡦⡦⠦⣰⣯⣮⠮⣀⣿⣡⣿⣿⣿⠎⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡰⣷⣿⣿⣿⣿⣮⣮⣮⣿⣿⠇⣮⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠳⡳⣷⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣰⣿⢿⡿⣷⣿⣿⡿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣌⢙⢙⢙⢙⢙⠈⠰⣿⣿⠧⠐⠑⠑⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣱⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡰⣿⠏⣰⣿⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⠁⠀⠑⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Posted: July 24, 2023
balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel balls of steel
Posted: November 17, 2014
Even more addictive than the original Binding of Isaac.
I could probably finish my review having said that because it's bare truth. But I feel that some people might want me to justify this statement (especially considering how captivating The Binding of Isaac already was) so here we go:
I've played the original BoI for some 100 hours and have achieved the Platinum God! achievement. Hence I consider myself experienced enough to know what I am talking about to say the least.
Since "The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth" is more or less an overhaul of the original BoI I will try to point out in how far this game is different from its predecessor and where there are similarities:
The Binding of Isaac offered 100 items to collect. Players that bought the DLC Wrath of the Lamb could extend this collection to almost 200 items.
Rebirth offers close to 350 items, aforesaid 200 of which are the same as in Wrath of the Lamb. This leaves us with ~150 new items.
The same goes for trinkets, "pick-ups" and nearly everything else.
There are various new types of enemies, bosses and new room types that seem elaborate and reasonably extend the gameplay - the "dice room" for example can change the fate of an entire run.
Rebirth also provides twice as many challenges as BoI. There are easier and harder ones depending on which items you are equipped with from the start and how many dungeons you have to beat in order to complete that particular challenge.
Additionally there are new soundtracks which I liked a lot better than the original ones and new voice acting for old bosses.
This game of course features Steam achievements. However I find kind of weird that a part of the achievements are exactly the ones you could achieve in BoI and Wrath of the Lamb. On the other hand this only demonstrates how similar it still is to the original.
Summing it all up I think you can say that The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is almost no different in gameplay than The Binding of Isaac and Wrath of the Lamb.
Where there was potential to enhance and add new features it has been done.
If someone ever felt there was a "lack of content" they shouldn't have anything to wish for anymore.
I recommend it for both players who experienced Wrath of the Lamb and/or the original and players that are new to this genre/franchise.
One last thing: They also implemented a "Hard" mode. Because that's what BoI always needed. A bloody mode that is even harder. Jokes aside, I like having it.
Posted: June 22, 2023
Isaac and his mother lived alone in a small house on a hill.
Isaac kept to himself, drawing pictures and playing with his toys as his mom watched Christian broadcasts on the television. Life was simple, and they were both happy. That was, until the day Isaac’s mom heard a voice from above. “Your son has become corrupted by sin. He needs to be saved.” “I will do my best to save him, my Lord,” Isaac’s mother replied, rushing into Isaac’s room, removing all that was evil from his life. Again the voice called to her, "Isaac’s soul is still corrupt. He needs to be cut off from all that is evil in this world and confess his sins." “I will follow your instructions, Lord. I have faith in thee,” Isaac’s mother replied, as she locked Isaac in his room, away from the evils of the world. One last time, Isaac’s mom heard the voice of God calling to her. “You've done as I've asked, but I still question your devotion to me. To prove your faith, I will ask one more thing of you." "Yes Lord, anything!” Isaac’s mother begged. "To prove your love and devotion, I require a sacrifice. Your son, Isaac, will be this sacrifice. Go into his room and end his life, as an offering to me to prove you love me above all else." "Yes Lord", she replied, grabbing a butcher’s knife from the kitchen. Isaac, watching through a crack in his door, trembled in fear. Scrambling around his room to find a hiding place, he noticed a trap door to the basement hidden under his rug. Without hesitation, he flung open the hatch, just as his mother burst through his door, and threw himself down into the unknown depths below.
