Posted: April 15, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
There is no escape. You press play, and it's 3am.
Posted: January 8, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game is ridiculously good for its pricepoint. Wow. Super happy I found it.
Posted: May 15, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
3 dollar cocaine.
Edit: Now 5 dollar cocaine.
Posted: May 4, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This has to be the best $3 game on steam.
Edit: $5 game
Posted: December 13, 2023
digital bubble wrap
Posted: April 13, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Imagine getting 100 hours of game play out of a $3 game.
Posted: February 2
I am disabled so its one-handedness meaning all you have to do is move the joystick, press A to accept, and press B to return to the previous page. That's it. Also, this game is very addictive and fun to play.
Posted: January 15, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Its simple, and addictive. I'm a disabled gamer and the controls are very accessible. I normally don't play early access games but this one is good as it is now.
Update for the release edition: Yes, still very good. Nailed it in every way possible.
Posted: February 21, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Gaming in 2022 has come a long way. Some games now have budgets and cast lists that rival movies. Gaming can be like sitting down for an elegant ten-course meal at a fancy restaurant. But sometimes you just want a handful of m&ms.
This game is a bag of m&ms.
There's no nutritional value, it's not burdened with plot or story or fancy graphics or forks or plates or anything that's standing between you and shoving what you want directly into your facehole. It's that kind of game where you're just going to play one more run and sort of absentmindedly grab another handful of chocolate. Okay, one more run after this. I'll just have a few more. Oh, I've eaten a pound of chocolate.
This game is delicious.
Posted: January 30, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game rules, absolute chad design.
Do I need a cutscene explaining what's happening? No. You press Start and now you kill stuff until you die.
Do I need to press buttons to attack? ♥♥♥♥ that, we know you're hitting those things on cooldown anyway. So we do it for you.
Better make this $60 and get some hot-♥♥♥♥ AAA graphics right? No. You'll take your pixels and you'll like them. That'll be like $3. In this economy that is less than you will spend on lunch.
Vampire Survivors: King ♥♥♥♥. Buy it now and if you don't like it you can just skip buying french fries and you're back to even.
Posted: March 23, 2023
garlic is my light, my love, my life, my everything
Posted: April 7, 2022
An early access game with more than 100 thousand positive reviews for $4.99.
why are you even reading reviews?
(Not early access anymore.)
Posted: August 11, 2023
Nice time machine. Opened the Game and it was suddenly 3 hours later.
Posted: July 12, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Just 30 minutes a game they said, you can quit whenever you want they said.
Posted: December 20, 2023
I have ADHD and this game replaces any need for recreational drugs.
Posted: July 8, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Instead of spending 30€+ on a game you'll never play, buy this. For 2€ you'll get more than your money's worth.
Posted: June 12, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Worth every penny. Better than Diablo Immoral.
Posted: October 20, 2022
started as a dude with a whip, ended as a immobile tree radiating garlic stink 10/10 would tree again
Posted: August 1, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
More dopamine release than any loot box. The only microtransaction is the game's full price.
Posted: November 7, 2023
As of...November 7th 2023 I've officially cleared, beaten, collected and unlocked everything in this game including the DLC and free content updates. I've also maxed out the money count to 9,999,999. I think I'm qualified to write a review now, here 'goes *clears throat*:
Yes.
Posted: October 3, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Expected to kill some time playing this game only to realize I've spent 7 hours playing non-stop. HELP
Posted: December 25, 2022
this should be used as a diagnostic tool for adhd
Posted: February 19, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I have no sympathy for people who don't like garlic
Posted: March 27, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
the price is 3 bucks but i paid it with my soul
Posted: December 24, 2022
At least 40 hours of fun for the price of soda and chips
Posted: June 19, 2023
Better than a $60 game
Posted: March 17, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I had to fight off a giant praying mantis while surrounded by 10,000 skeletons.
10/10 Would evolve the garlic again.
Posted: October 20, 2022
and people still buy COD every year for $100 lmao
Posted: March 10, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Sometimes it's nice to turn the brain off.
Posted: December 7, 2022
The game that inspired a gorillion horrible FTP knockoffs with monetization designed by sociopaths.
This is the real deal, though, an excellent price for a game that is simple and fun. Do not get the knockoffs. Get the good one. That's this one.
Posted: May 29, 2022
dopamine simulator
Posted: March 2, 2023
dopamine
edit: also lower cost for more value than antidepressants
Posted: August 10, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
How is $3 this entertaining? No reason not to buy this.
11/23/2023: It's even more amazing now.
Posted: November 6, 2022
If you ever wished to be a bullet hell, well now you can. You are bullet. You are hell.
Posted: February 14
Bought $600 Steamdeck...... to play $5 Vampire Survivors more....
Posted: January 26, 2023
90 hours. No vampires. 10/10
Posted: October 4, 2023
Product received for free
I lost 145 hours on this game and it costs as much as a bag of chips. Yes, it's good. Buy it.
Posted: September 9, 2023
Recommended for recovering gambling addicts who want to activate the right neurons without the financial loss. The developer is a former slot machine programmer, and he applied that knowledge to Vampire Survivors' design.
Posted: June 16, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I watched a bunch of my friends playing this, and a handful of streamers. Every time I watched I thought "what on earth could possibly be fun about this? It looks so incredibly dull." Then, a friend finally convinced me to drop the literal $3 to try it before I judged it any further. I booted it up, and start into a game. In the first few seconds I realized that you don't even click or anything to attack. It's all auto cast. I generally hate that kind of thing, so we're off to an even worse start.
Then, about a min or to into that run, I got to something like my third or fourth level and suddenly hit a synergy between a couple of my skills and it mowed down a huge wave of enemies and carved a path for me to escape. The dopamine hit was hard and surprising.
Now, here I am, 8 hrs later, playing it on my deck any time I have a few minutes of spare time like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ addict. It just keeps getting better and better. It's the perfect balance between zone-out clicker and strategy, with an awesome between-game progression system that keeps me coming back over and over. This is one of the best games I've played this year, and it was $3. You really cannot go wrong.
Posted: June 10, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
What game developers think gamers want:
- upgrade to unreal 5 for bazillion polygons
- crafting and building houses, no matter the genre
- 20 different currencies and daily quests
- lots unskippable cutscenes and 250 hours of dialogue
- multiplayer
What gamers really want:
- hehe wand goes brrr
Posted: March 15, 2023
brain like when number go up; pretty colors
Posted: June 12, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This could be five times the price and it'd still be outstanding content value.
Everyone should have this in their library. Everyone.
Posted: July 19, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game rules so hard. I wish Italians were real.
Posted: November 4, 2023
where are the vampires
Posted: March 2
This is true; first AAAA game.
Posted: May 23, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Remember coming home from school and logging on to your Flash site of choice, like Kongregate or Armor Games, and seeing a hot new release on the front page? Cool little games that came out of nowhere that were simple and fun enough to grab your attention, but complex and nuanced enough to hook you and make you burn through an afternoon without realizing what had happened?
This game made me feel that for the first time in over a decade.
Posted: January 12, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
1st impression: tf is this???
next hour: gimme more of those skeleton scum!
Game that proves simple inequality: gameplay > any other aspect of the game
Posted: April 14, 2023
Beware:
Your Perception of time changes once you start a run. Hours feels like minutes. You have been warned.
Interstellar was wrong you don't need to fly to outer space to find a planet with an hour equivalent to 7 years. Just play this game and that's how time starts to feel.
Posted: June 4, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I have three children who all wanted to review this game we have spent hours playing together.
Caroline 7:
i love this game my dad has beat all the maps other than one .i am so proud of him and i love him so much. my favorite person is poe he starts with garlic.i think he is realy strong.
Catherine 7:
my sister stole my idea.but i think poe is the best because he start level 1 garlic and levels up that is why he is good in my eyes!
Brick 10: i have played this game before. it is my favorite game and my favorite character is the dog. try this game you will like it.
Posted: March 29, 2022
Smash TV meets Castlevania
More accurately, Vampire Survivors is a semi-auto battler/bullet hell roguelite with RPG elements.
Gameplay
What that means in English is that it's a game where one currency is held over between runs to buy passive upgrades and new characters. Each run you will level, obtain weapons and items which are all lost upon death — gameplay wise, you only have control of movement. The weapons auto-fire on cooldown, so it's not the top-down shooter/hack n' slash it may appear as in the videos. The items provide passive augments to either the character themselves or the weapons per run.
Contrary to what I just said but dependent on the weapon, there is some level of “aiming” involved. Weapons such as the whip only fire sideways in a small arc. Otherwise weapons like garlic have an area of effect that surrounds the character, it damages enemies and causes slight knockback, so it's generally used as a defensive weapon. Other weapons like the Runetracer or Fire wand, especially early in a run, require you to hover near, and allow enemies to chase you in order for you to kill them and have them drop the XP gems close enough where you can obtain them without getting damaged. Weapons like that auto-fire towards the nearest enemy and will bounce and pierce through enemies making them rather formidable later on, but a bit cumbersome in the early game. Beyond the normal leveling and... not exactly like weapon ascension in Dark Souls but not entirely removed from it, weapons can also evolve provided you have the associated items that aid it — only learned through discovery. You'll need to collect the gems to actually level, none is earned from killing enemies themselves — powerups can be found such as the vacuum to aid in this process.
Area of Effect 
A Screenshot of Vampire Survivors
By: SpaceCouncil
Each character is able to obtain and level six weapons and items each run. Once those slots are filled no new items will drop and you'll be forced to level them. So it's important to choose a strategy early on in how you want approach the stage. The game is in early access at the time of writing this, however there are multiple stages as well as bonus and challenge stages already present with the dev roadmap ahead introducing more. The Mad Forest for example is wide open and you're able to freely move, but the Inlaid Library is essentially a horizontal hallway. In addition to different enemies, the structure of the map forces you into altering the way you approach the stage.
A run I had with 4 evolved weapons. 
A Screenshot of Vampire Survivors
By: SpaceCouncil
The Gist:
There's not a lot going on in this game, but it's got an extremely satisfying gameplay loop — the proverbial “just one more run...” adage is quite applicable. If games still had boxes, you could write that on it as a quote from some random website.
At this price point it's very difficult not to recommend, unless you just don't like auto-battlers, dungeon crawlers or bullet hells. Granted, if you have a strong dislike of all of those genres you might not like this game. Through I'm willing to bet if that were true, you're probably not reading this.
If you've found this review helpful, consider following my curation — Station Argus
Posted: January 7, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Took me 12 hours to get all achievements and had a lot of fun doing that (as of 0.2.5). 4 hours of fun per 1$ is a great return in my opinion. Will most likely pick it up again once more content is available.
The thing I enjoyed the most were the item combinations and the feeling of power when you've found a good set. The system is a bit more complex than what I've thought when I've first started playing. Most notably item evolutions, which require leveling one of the evolveable items to max level (8, I think), having a support item equipped and getting a chest from one of the bosses. Building towards the evolutions is quite fun, and leads to dilemmas like "should I pick this chest/defeat this boss right now, or should I wait for another level to see if I can get the item to level 8?".
All level encounters all predetermined, as far as I understand, which is good - after few runs you can get a feel for what's coming next and strategize. Getting garlic, spinach and kings bible leveled up before 11th minute in the forest map might get you massive amount of experience, and bulding towards evolving the bible next might get you to the endgame, if supported with other good sources of damage.
Meta progression is a bit slow, due to the costs increasing with each purchase. You can refund your coins though and select different perks each time, and paired with different characters to pick from, each with their own unique bonus and different starting weapon, it allows you to start building towards specific build before the game even started.
I'm going to sink in a few more hours and try to complete both levels on hyper difficulty, and then I guess it's time to sit and wait until more content is available.
Posted: March 26, 2023
good for people with adhd
Posted: August 10, 2023
kevin owes me $5 and years of my life
Posted: April 22, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Garlic Enjoyers.
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠛⠛⠋⠉⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠛⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⢏⣴⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣟⣾⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⢢⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠀⡴⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣿⣿⠟⠻⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠶⢴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣁⡀⠀⠀⢰⢠⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠀⣴⣶⣿⡄⣿
⣿⡋⠀⠀⠀⠎⢸⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⢘⣿⣟⠛⠿⣼
⣿⣿⠋⢀⡌⢰⣿⡿⢿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⣿⣧⢀⣼
⣿⣿⣷⢻⠄⠘⠛⠋⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣧⠈⠉⠙⠛⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣧⠀⠈⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢃⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⡿⠀⠴⢗⣠⣤⣴⡶⠶⠖⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡸⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⡀⢠⣾⣿⠏⠀⠠⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠉⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣧⠈⢹⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠈⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣿⡟⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠁⠀⠀⠹⣿⠃⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢐⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠉⠉⠁⠀⢻⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠈⣿⣿⡿⠉⠛⠛⠛⠉⠉
⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⡴⣸⣿⣇⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡿⠄⠙⠛⠀⣀⣠⣤⣤⠄
Posted: October 7, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The pick up and play appeal of Vampire Survivors cannot be praised enough. The game loop is simple, effective and all too addictive. The mix of idle and rogue-like elements, blended into the mashed up mayhem of Castlevainia.
The idea is simple - survive the onslaught. The execution isn't; your attacks are automated and your only input is movement. As you weave around the ever increasing intensity of mobs to collect the XP gems they drop, you'll soon start to unlock new weapons and modifiers to see the true madness that is Vampire Survivors. Your first few runs will feel painful, perhaps frustrating, but the more you play and the more gold you gain the more base level upgrades you'll be able to purchase to buff each run.
Eventually you'll start to discover which weapons work well together and even which weapons and buffs combine to create an ultimate weapon. As the screen fills with the horde, you'll feel comfortable knowing your garlic breath and blood whip are going to keep you somewhat safe compared to 30 minutes ago.
That's the beauty of Vampire Survivors the progression is pretty quick and so is the learning curve. Some runs will naturally feel poor due to the random nature of gem drops and upgrades offered, but even the poor runs will give you a little more gold towards your next buff.
The scary part is, this game is still in Early Access, and yet it already feels more polished and designed that most other Early Access releases. There's a clear target in the developer's mind, one they share with updates and engagement. Plus the price point is friendly to almost everyone.
If like enjoy Bullet Hells, SHUMPS, Rogue-likes and perhaps even idle games, this should already have been purchased.
Posted: May 24, 2023
This should be used as a diagnostic tool for adhd.
Posted: April 26, 2023
Bad title. No vampires and you don't survive.
Posted: August 23, 2022
Be careful with this one. Ever since I finished and unlocked everything in it, I've spent roughly 27 hours a day browsing steam just looking for something to replace it.
Posted: March 3, 2023
I've never had sex but i think this is better.
Posted: December 28, 2022
garlic rules.
Posted: August 19, 2023
ok so imagine
crack cocaine

Posted: December 25, 2023
Pirated it, played 20 minutes and bought it with all dlcs. Worth every penny
Posted: October 20, 2022
What a horrible night to have a curse.
Posted: February 7, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
If heroin was a video game!
Posted: June 28, 2023
heroin addiction effect for 2 dollars? splendid
Posted: July 27, 2023
Phenomenal game. The iconic game that make reverse bullet hell games really popular. A must play game with a good 40 hours contents. Both difficulty curve and contents curve are well designed. Whenever I started to feel repetitive, a new mechanism is introduced to keep me interested.
Achievements in the game align well with the collections in game. Enjoy~

Posted: January 6, 2022
I don't think I would have purchased the game without seeing SplatterCat's video on it (
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
) and that would be a shame because the game is fun. I think it is priced well because although you can sink a lot of hours into it, after about 30 minutes you basically get the idea. This might become a game where you only have about 15 minutes to play and so you boot it up and enjoy yourself in a somewhat relaxing somewhat frentic type gameplay.
Posted: November 24, 2022
Addictingly fun in short bursts. Proves you don´t need an AAA Budget and Graphics to hook players, a fun gameplay loop is enough. I played pretty much 80% of my playtime on the Steam Deck, which works really well and in fact brought me to play/replay games in my Steam Library I almost forgot about.
Posted: May 7, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The game is $3. It is by no means a perfect game, but for an early access game that costs $3 it gets pretty damn close.
Imagine taking someone out to a date at a 5* steakhouse. Your date chose to order a salad at this 5* steakhouse because its this moment they confess that they are vegan. You figure its a 5* steakhouse you have been waiting years to try and you are going big. You order the steak medium rare. Your food comes, and your date mumbles something about their salad, but you notice your steak that should have been medium rare comes closer to medium. You decide its close enough because you don't want to cause a scene over a steak that got cooked 5 seconds too long. You take a bite of the steak and you realize this is cooked perfectly. The steak literally melts in your mouth in a cornucopia of flavors. You are embarrassed that you doubted the skills of the chefs in the kitchen.
You finish up your meal and the wait staff brings you a huge piece of cheesecake that you didn't order. You want to send it back, but again, you don't want to cause a scene, so you take the cheesecake. When the cheesecake hits your tongue, you realize you are not in love with your date. Real love is what you feel for this cheesecake because by God it tastes so good you want more. That's when you realize your date hasn't touched their cheesecake. They are still talking about the virtues of being a vegan and how dairy products....yeah you get it... You reach over your table, grab your date's piece of cheesecake and say, "You weren't going to eat that were you?" You don't even feel slightly guilty as you devour their cheesecake as they sit there judging you for your every bite.
The check finally comes. Before looking at it you start doing the math in your head. You figure its going to cost at least $30 for the cheesecake, $90 for the steak, $25 for the salad, and $40 for the app only you ate because it was at this point you found out that stuffed mushrooms and onion rings are not really vegan, and at that point you decided your date was obnoxious. You figure the check is going to be about $200, so you figure at least a $60 tip. You flip it over and are in instant shock. Your date finally stops talking and says "What? How much is it? I only had salad and water, and you ate my cheesecake so don't expect me to pay half." You realize at this point you really hate this person, but say "No no, I got it. Its not a problem." You call the waiter over and ask them if this was a mistake. They say no, that is the price for the food we got. $3 dollars for a steak that good and cheesecake that literally made you weep? You leave a $60 tip anyway and as you do you hear your date saying, "Really? $60 They didn't even bring us our drinks right away."
This is what you get for $3. You get to enjoy a stuffed mushrooms, onion rings, 24oz bone-in ribeye steak medium-medium rare, 2 pieces of cheesecake, and a drink of your choice. Your date being vegan was not the dev's fault. You should have listened to your date or at least read their profile before agreeing to the date, they make it very clear they were vegan. Stop blaming the devs.
Posted: September 13, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A great "let me just play one more run" game. You have a bunch of different weapons, characters, modifiers, upgrades and levels you can try out which keeps it fresh for a long time. The great reviews it has are very much justified. It is actually that fun and I don't think there is many games out there where you can get such a good value for your money out of them like with this one.
Works without any issues with Proton (7.0-4).
Posted: November 23, 2022
Nominated for my personal GOTY 2022!
Posted: June 1, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Buy 3080ti, buy cyberpunk... play vampire survivors
Posted: August 19, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Hey kiddos. Want some digital Crack ?
Posted: March 7
Digital crack
Posted: February 11, 2022
Best value I've had for the price of a cup of coffee since I first started gaming.
Weapons auto fire, so your main goal here is to circle around the map killing mobs while dodging damage and collecting experience until you become a one person killbox.
Not a lot of thought involved, just pure adrenaline. Simple, endless fun.
Posted: April 25, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
In a similar fashion to "One Finger Death Punch", Vampire Survivors takes one very simple gameplay mechanic & turns it into something incredibly enjoyable, memorable, & above all else, replayable. There's already a LOT of variety to keep you going, & the developers are doing a fantastic job of updating the game with new content on a regular basis.
At £10 it'd be a no-brainer, & at the £2 asked, it's borderline theft. It's the most fun you can have with just one stick outside of the bedroom.
Posted: August 19, 2022
How is this game so damned good?
And for 3 bucks.
Vampire Survivors is setting a new bar for value in gaming. $70 for a new AAA game? Pfft. I think not. Not when games like Vampire Survivors are available.
It is fully functional on the Steam Deck.
This is an RPG Auto-battler enemy hell (bullet hell). You control the progression and pathing of your character, the game handles the actual combat, making for a near perfect synergy between game and gamer.
There are currently four main maps and then a bunch of specialty maps, one of which was almost definitely designed specifically to help you expedite your unlocks. Each has its own unique theme.
Unlocks are the progression system in this one, and it works. Accomplishing almost any unique task or reaching certain levels will unlock the next things in line. However, character unlocks have an additional cost in gold (acquired in game). Similarly, permanent character boosts can be unlocked and all characters receive the benefits of all unlocks. There are even more things to unlock veyond those, and everything not only feels practical, but have a noticeable affect on gameplay.
You'd think that it being an enemy (read: bullet) hell, and with an array of abilities at your disposal, the screen would fill up quickly, and it does, but somehow, the devs managed to make your avatar noticeable and trackable no matter how high the screen chaos gets.
Speaking of which, for lofi graphics, these are just flat out cool. Again, it just works. The soundtrack mirrors this, and you'll be able to switch between tracks as you please. Additionally, I find this is a great game to play while jamming your own tunes.
In my opinion, the value at 3 bucks and the huge amount of gameplay variety make this a no brainer. You get far less from any number of full priced AAA titles. AND...the game hasn't even concluded development yet. What other surprises do the devs have in store, I wonder?
If you found this review helpful and would be interested in supporting my Curator group, it would be appreciated. Cheers.
https://store.steampowered.com/curator/32549618/
Posted: January 9, 2023
"I have never met a vampire personally, but I don't know what might happen tomorrow." ― Bela Lugosi
TL;DR
One of the best games of 2022: dirt cheap, hilariously fun, and with its own recognizable charm. Don't forget to bring your pure heart and avian companions to Cappella Magna! Thank me later.
Full Review
Vampire Survivors is a sensation! The project came out of nowhere, made by a novice developer on weekends during, arguably, the golden age of roguelikes as a celebration of DIY games. Something immediately clicked: the dramatic Giallo presentation, the outrageous simplicity of the game mechanics (looking at you, Noita!*), the gameplay that feels fun from start to finish, and the price that is affordable for literally anyone with a couple of extra things in their Steam inventory...And if you did not know, it is available FOR FREE on mobile platforms without any ads. Just like that. Try it on your smartphone if you have doubts about throwing some pennies at Vampire Survivors on Steam.
The gameplay revolves around 1) moving your character in a pixel ballet with swarms of hostile creatures running at you from all sides and 2) choosing the best weapon combos to annihilate enemies as fast and efficiently as possible. The best part is that you can do it with one hand because weapons fire automatically. It feels and plays mellow, but it still requires some skill and wit, believe it or not. There are plenty of characters, weapons, and modifiers to choose from. The progression seems balanced to the bone, which I did not expect. And there are also plenty of secrets to uncover, some requiring substantial effort. At no point does the game fail to provide entertainment, especially if you are proficient enough to make your PC stutter from overload during the run. On a side note, overly efficient tactics could hurt people who suffer epileptic symptoms because the in-game effects might turn the experience into a “Jesus Christ Pose” video clip. A setting to make it less aggressive is probably a good idea.
So, what is the deal? How did the hobby project become such a success in 2022? In my opinion, it is a sign that most games have become too schematic and too hungry for the player's attention, forgetting that they should bring joy in the first place. Profit expectations, golden rules of monetization, aggressive attention-seeking tactics and risk-free narratives define most media creations nowadays. Vampire Survivors defy all that. Make a game that is actually fun to play, that you will happily play yourself, and you are good to go with cheap assets and no message. Players will spread the word themselves and bring you sales. Dwarf Fortress, another sensation, is a testament to that.
Let us hope we will never meet the vampire from the coffin, though. You know, the one from a desperate remake after years of Vampire Survivors Star Wars slash Transformers slash Minecraft slash Facebook-sponsored Friends spin-off monstrosities. Better not. We don't know what might happen tomorrow, and I am pleased to be in the moment when the game is still fresh and shiny and beats the odds of turning into a never-ending blood-sucking franchise.
* Noita is a great game too, but for slightly different reasons.
Posted: July 29, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Bullet hell games have been bothering me for too long.
Vampire Survivors has finally given me peace of mind.
Bullet hell is me now.
I AM bullet.
Posted: September 12, 2023
Wait...wait...wait, no 'live service,' no micro-transactions. No battle/season pass.
They have to be trying to **** me somehow ?
...or
Am I missing something ?
Did I just pay money and get a complete game that's actually very good ?
Posted: November 21, 2023
Best time killer game you will find on the entire steam store.
My nominee for "Labor of Love 2023"
Posted: May 9, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Best $3 I've ever spent! Please play this game!
Posted: January 26, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Final Verdict: It's the perfect game
I should be playing God Of War, but instead I'm playing this. I started playing Vampire Survivors as a breather in between the more serious game that is GOTY material. Yet somehow I just can't stop playing this very addicting title that's only $3 USD. I am going to have to just find the will to somehow stop playing. Uninstall this game and just go through withdrawal. Complete cold turkey so I can go back to GOW.
What makes it so addicting? Well, at the end of the run, you just start thinking what if I tried this other thing. The more you play the more you start finding what works and what doesn't. Soon, you'll be evolving several weapons and finding the synergies between each weapon and skills upgrades. Then you'll want to try AOE attacks. Finally, you'll conjure up the right strategy to finally get garlic evolved. That's when you know you have mastered this game. You'll wonder how many enemies can you kill on screen in one second. The answer is a whole lot. Dracula ain't got nothing on you (well, maybe in this game he does).
18.6 hours to 100% and I have no regrets. Thank you devs for making such a gem and for offering it at such a low price. This is the perfect value for your buck. It doesn't get any better than this.
Rate 10/10. There should be a GOTY award category for a game under $10.
If you enjoyed my review, please consider joining my Steam Curator Group here: https://steamcommunity.com/groups/AttorneyReviews
Posted: December 15, 2022
Stop putting this game and it’s DLC content on sale. It’s already dirt cheap and you guys deserve all the money coming your way.
Posted: August 8, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Just ..one...more...run.
Posted: June 10, 2023
ADHD Simulator
Posted: April 22, 2022
Garlic is for kids.
King Bible is for true men.
Posted: July 16, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
THE OBJECTIVE ISN'T TO SURVIVE THE VAMPIRES
ITS FOR THE VAMPIRES TO SURVIVE YOU
Posted: July 31, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Not only this game is super fun, but it is also a great introduction for someone who is just beginning.
My wife always wanted to play games, but since she was forbidden to play in her childhood, never got used to the controller Since most games require familiarity and more coordination, she always dropped games and lost interest, because the learning curve was a bit steep, and as Adults with kids, we don't have that much time to "git gud". After playing a couple hours, I got her to try it, and now I can't use my Gaming Rig, because she's on it.
Posted: March 3, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's like IRL -In the end you will die,but before you die...you can have a lot of fun!
Posted: October 24, 2022
Sex is almost as fun. Meth would be easier to quit.
Posted: April 5, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
garlic breath > everything
update: I may have been wrong.
Posted: March 18, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Feel the power of GARLIC!! 🧄🧄🧄
░░░░░░░░░░░░██████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▓▓██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░▓▓██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░██░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░████░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░████░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░████░░░░░░██░░██░░░░░░████░░░░░░
░░░░██░░░░░░░░▓▓██░░██▓▓░░░░░░░░██░░░░
░░██░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░██░░
░██░░░░░░░░░▓▓██░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░██░
░██░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░▓▓██░░░░░░░██░
░██░░░░░░░▓▓██░░░░░░░░░░▓▓██▓▓░░░░░██░
░██░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓██░░░░░██░
░░██░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓██▓▓░░██░░
░░██▓▓▓▓▓▓██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓██▓▓▓▓██░░
░░░░░█████████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█████████░░░░░
Posted: December 22, 2022
Short version:
Pros:
+ Very replayable
+ Cool soundtrack
+ Highly customizable
+ Tons of content
Cons:
- Maps are somewhat unremarkable
“Long” version:
Vampire Survivors is a 2D action roguelike developed and published by poncle where you must survive an endless onslaught of monsters, all while levelling up, unlocking new weapons/combos and rescuing new survivors.
After seeing it pop up on Steam while it was still in Early Access, I decided to give it a try, as I usually play games like this on my phone when I am bored. I am glad I gave it a chance; this game is awesome!
It is a very simple game that is very easy to get into but it also provides a decent challenge to keep things interesting.
Vampire Survivors does not really have a story. You are dropped into a location and monsters start spawning in. I do not think there is much more to it. Honestly, it does not need a story, the gameplay is so good it carries the whole experience.
Vampire Survivors 
A Screenshot of Vampire Survivors
By: Good Guy Nick
Gameplay-wise, the game is very satisfying.
You start each round with no upgrades and you must defeat enemies and collect experience crystals dropped by monsters to level up. Every time this happens, you get to pick between 3 upgrades - these can grant you upgrades for weapons you are already using, brand new weapons or even passive items.
Some of the weapons/items can even create combos and unlock “ultimate” weapons that are usually much stronger.
There are several maps to choose from, but apart from a few of them being more “vertical” or “horizontal” when it comes to movement, they lack any real differences. Sure, one of them has a few corridors which lead to a bigger hall but it is nothing special. I did appreciate their visual variety, however.
The controls are very basic, as you do not have any direct control over the attacks you perform. You simply move around and, depending on the weapon, you either fire in whichever way you are facing, deal AoE damage or even fire random projectiles. Passive items will give you useful benefits such as more lingering effects on damage-over-time, faster cooldowns and even bigger projectiles and AoE.
Vampire Survivors 
A Screenshot of Vampire Survivors
By: Good Guy Nick
As mentioned before, the core gameplay is rather simple, but the sheer amount of customization is great. Each survivor comes with a different weapon and a passive effect and it is almost guaranteed that you will find a character that just “clicks” with the build/approach you want to take. I love characters which focus on AoE damage and that is what I went for in most runs; however, some areas were much harder for such builds and I had to tweak them or even go for a complete overhaul.
There are also special enemies (pretty much bosses) that will always drop a chest that contains 1-5 upgrades for your current weapons – these are super satisfying to open. Regular enemies have the change to drop random single-use items (like an orb that attracts every EXP crystal in the map) which are also incredibly useful.
While you will unlock a lot of items and characters at first, progress tends to hit a bit of a wall after 15 or so hours. I suggest you look at the unlock list so you can keep unlocking new things. It never gets “boring”, per se, but I found myself wondering why I played a couple of rounds and unlocked nothing.
When it comes to the graphics, Vampire Survivors features a very charming, pixelated art-style. I really enjoyed it. Such simple graphics also allow it to run on not-so-modern rigs, so if that is something that is important to you, keep it in mind!
Sound is up next. The soundtrack is a banger – I found myself jamming to some sick tunes while laying waste to all sorts of evil monsters. Also, the little jingle that plays when you open a chest… Oh my… It is cathartic.
Sound effects are simple but also satisfying. Some weapons can score critical hits and those feel visceral and make you feel like a bada$$.
Vampire Survivors 
A Screenshot of Vampire Survivors
By: Good Guy Nick
The base game is inexpensive and has around 35-40 hours of content. That is a steal.
They also released some DLC which I reviewed here.
So yeah, I cannot recommend Vampire Survivors enough. It is a simple game that is oddly satisfying and gives you a ton of bang for your buck. It is not the most balanced game, some builds are clearly better than others, but still, it is awesome!
Support the devs, get it! 😉
Final score: 9 out of 10.
If you enjoyed this review, please consider following my curator page.
Posted: October 23, 2022
You can play as a dog.
Posted: July 11, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This makes no sense. I press play, and it's 3 am.
Posted: June 2, 2023
this game may or may not have caused me to fail my english language GCSEs
Posted: December 28, 2022
I don't recommend it if you have a life, but I recommend it if you hate your life.
Posted: January 14, 2023
9/10 - Amazing
I heard about this game many many times, but watching streams and screenshots of it actually discouraged me from playing for some reason.
So I finally gave in and wanted to see what all the hype was about. I was pleasantly surprised, to say the least.
I don't remember the last time I wanted to witness every single detail a game has to offer this badly.
Don't judge the book by its cover.
I enthusiastically suggest anyone who's into rogue-lites to give this game a fair shot.

Posted: November 3, 2023
Obscenely addictive and a great reminder that you don't need next gen graphics or amazing complex and twisting plots to make a fun game.
Not much to say here as most people probably already know what this game is about but for my 2 cents, I understand why it has an Overwhelmingly Positive rating on here.
