Posted: June 21, 2023
Just a suggestion. Over time the trucks should get dirty. I would like to see truck washes.
Posted: November 20, 2021
Product received for free
my daughter bought it for my birthday i used to be a truckdriver but got to old for the medical test to pass.
Posted: October 13, 2020
i am 77 years old and i spend all my days playing this game. More i play more it's interesting. Iplay on 3 screens with a logitech steering and paddles I choose auto transmission o both euro and american and I can say it's really nice
Posted: May 18, 2021
This is the first time I've ever left a review on Steam, but I had to.
Let me preface this by stating I am a CDL instructor.
While the game can't mimic certain real life situations, the amount this game has gotten accurate is nothing short of impressive. I have since hung up my keys and live my days retired from the life, but firing this up with some noise cancelling headphones and hearing the engine noises, the turn indicator, the traffic, the air brakes, all of it takes me back.
I'm not going to sit here and nitpick out everything it didn't quite get right, like how if you try to GTA it, you have increasing fines but IRL you flat out lose your license and face jail time lol. I'd rather focus on what it DID get right.
Speaking of fines, the way they increase really makes it so if you do try to GTA it, you'll eventually start spending more money in fines than what you get from the load. Making it so that your profit margin increases dramatically for safe driving.
I purposely tried three profiles up to about level 20 each. I drove like a bat out of hell on the first as a gag, quasi crazy the second one, and perfectly safe the third time. I noticed that I made more profit with fewer deliveries by driving safe. So while the game can't take away your CDL for constantly running red lights and scraping the side of a car, the fact you just simply can't make a profit unless you drive safe was a nifty implementation.
I could go on and on about this game and the nostalgia for the open road it gives me, but I'd rather be playing it right now. I tried the demo, immediately pulled in, bought it on sale, and once I really experienced it, I didn't even question buying all the available DLC and now anxiously awaiting the new states.
Quick mention about Wyoming and Texas:
I'm going to enjoy driving Wyoming in this game as driving it in real life was an absolute headache with how often I-80 has chain ups for ice and shut downs just for strong winds that could blow your trailer clean over. So that's a reason I'm GLAD it's not 100% realistic.
For Texas, make sure you put the entirety of Dallas under construction....forever. Make sure no one ever uses a blinker. And make sure any shippers in Laredo have trailer yards so small that even the most skilled driver/gamer can't park a damn thing in it because they just simply can't move.
.....I hated Laredo loads. Can't you tell?
I will be constantly throwing my money at this game. I hope this goes far. I hope the devs never lose their passion for it. I hope it stays alive long enough to see the entire continental 48. Hell, I hope -I- stay alive long enough to see that lol. I would love to hop I-40 from Barstow clear to Wilmington, NC. Or I-10 from Cali to Florida.
I can't say enough good things and most have tuned me out by now so I'll wrap up.
I can't thank you enough for this game. My only regret is I didn't get in it sooner.
Posted: June 2, 2017
As a former trucker with over 1.8 million under my belt i got this game last night becaused i miss the road. It is almost like the real thing. the trailer responds exactly like it does in real life and yes i was able to put in the dock on here just by using my mirrors. i highly recommend it because if you ever wanted to be a trucker this is about as close as you can get to it without actually climbing into the cab and drive it.
Posted: July 22, 2021
I'm a disabled retired owner operator trucker who is unable to drive cross country now. I really enjoy the realism and opportunity travel virtually to places I can't go to. thanks SCS and Steam for all the hard work to bring this to us.
Posted: May 13, 2019
I retired in 2017 and the next year I bought this game to meet a minimum shipping requirement online. It was a great choice.
I prefer games with no clock so I can relax and take my time. With the exception of the AI, this game fits my requirements.
I drove short haul about forty years ago and now I spend several hours everyday in this game.
ATS is just what I need at this stage of my life. The game makes you think but provides excitement at the same time at a not so hurried pace.
If you like a challenge and also like to drive this is the game you need.
Thank you Steam/SCS for making my down time better.
Posted: October 24, 2023
I am a retired OTR driver, I put in my 2 million miles. I like this for no forced dispatch and no log books. the roads are true minus a few chuck holes and the rest areas and fuel stops are where they should be. I have noticed some roads you can not go down that would cut time off your trip like Wyoming Hwy 189 and no driver is going around Bear Lake you would go to Cokeville Wy then to Kemmerer and then Green River, takes off about 2 hours from your run/ I like the game just wish I could paint the Frieghtliner like my old truck. I m 66 years old if ya'll are wondering, keep the dirty side down and see ya on the flip side "Trapper"
Posted: December 25, 2021
Best game I've played in a long time, this is a job I'd love to be able to do on reality, but I'm disabled, so this gives me a window into this world. Plus it's just fun on its own, if you love driving and seeing the scenic sites of the US, this game is for you
Posted: November 14, 2022
Got instant street cred with my girlfriend's dad, now father-in-law, one of the first times I met him by successfully backing his pickup and boat trailer into position to pull his boat out of the lake, despite never having driven a vehicle with a trailer in real life. Best video game investment I've ever made.
Posted: November 30, 2023
I am a 66 year old woman, who has worked since i was 16. i am now retired and can play. i love this game! i have a driving rig and I have never had so much fun!. I also have Euro truck sim and enjoy that too.
Posted: February 23, 2022
I've wasted a lot of time playing other games that should have been spent playing this one.
Posted: July 24, 2023
i love the driving ive always wanted to be a truck driver like my dad im 11 i love it but i have lots of problems because i use my moms laptop so its really glitchy but i ant do any thing about it.
Posted: October 18, 2021
I was going about 100 mph on a freeway and had a school bus spawn literally right in front of me. The kids on that bus are now with God and my truck is too.
10/10 game honestly.
Posted: December 16, 2021
I drive trucks in real life i also drive trucks in my off time. i like driving trucks. this game is about driving trucks
10 trucks / 10 trucks.
Posted: November 6, 2020
When I first picked up ATS's older brother, ETS, I got it heavily discounted while drunk, thinking "Might be fun to ram cars off the road." 5 or so years later, I got my Class A Commercial Drivers Licence because of these games. The first time one of my friends saw me playing this, he thought it looked boring as hell. I didn't think he was wrong, but I told him to try it for himself. He got his CDL before me.
This is a game that has the potential to inspire people, due to its deceptive, relaxing nature. This may be simply a game, but it's ramifications can be life changing.
Posted: June 25, 2017
Wonderful game.
I can tell you about the difference between it and ETS2. Each game has it's own charm.
-ATS is newer. Better graphics.
-ETS2 has more trucks. Way more and slightly more upgrades. ATS only has like 4. 2 brands and 2 types of truck for each.
-ETS2 has a much bigger world. ATS is still young so getting max Distance perk cannot even be applied as you only go between 3 states. ETS2 is full Europe now. Including GB where you should remember to drive on the left side of the road. ;)
-ATS is smaller because it actually has all the world realistically planned. Roads barely ever repeat. In ETS2 you can think "hey, I've been here before. Or not?" or "one more clover highway spread... sigh..." while in ATS it's always something new wherever you go. And you feel the warmth when you come back to familiar places.
-ATS has long straight highways, relaxing and enjoyable. Not too boring, not too extreme. ETS2 has very sharp and plentiful turns. Whatever you prefer. Personally I love ATS. You still get enough turning off the highway, in the city or on narrow roads.
-ATS has amazing scenery here and there. Makes you wanna go everywhere. ETS2 is repetitive. The price for being that huge.
-ATS has view zoom!!! =D To look out for police. =P
-ATS has very strict speed limits. I think it can be turned off but... Do I really want to do that? I left it on. Speed limits are actually pretty sane. You may crash if you break it. ATS fines for speed violation are much higher. And you're watched by police mostly, less often by cameras. So you a) have to look around to see if there's police nearby, b) you have to watch your speed and current limit, c) you can decide if you want to keep your money or pay a lot for a questionable right to break the laws. Wanna be a rebel? Go ahead. =D Overall it adds to the gameplay very well. Surprisingly well. I hated speed limits in ETS2, they were stupid and cheaply fined and meh.
-ATS offers more options for parking. More exp for difficult position, less for fast simple one, none for just ditching the trailer at arrival. Small bit but also adds to the game score.
-ATS has slightly better traffic AI. In general it's just refined and polished more.
So ATS has a great potential and can one day beat ETS2 in all aspects. For now I can enjoy both, depending on my mood. But, I must admit, I love ATS more. It's an upgrade, after all. ^__^
10/10 if you love truck simulators. Yes, it's time consuming and may be boring. But it's not the game's fault, for sure.
Posted: October 30, 2017
I first saw ATS a long time ago when I watched my son playing it but wasn't keen to be a driver here while I was driving for real. Would've been too much, although I was really interested and helped him with turning and reversing and stuff.
I love driving, always have, it's a passion. About a year after I retired I got the urge to keep the passion alive so I started a Steam account and my son gifted ATS to me as an early Christmas present and I've been driving here since Oct 2016.
Got into it big time and became addicted real quick. There's nothing I'd rather do than get in the truck, take a load somewhere and experience the sunrise, sunset and the great scenery. I've done a lot of real life night driving into daylight and when it happens in the game it's so real I yawn and feel that special tiredness you only feel when daylight breaks and you're still behind the wheel, even though it might only be two in the arv at my place. I'm always thinkin about when I'm goin to be drivin next and what I'm gunna do.
It's late at night and I hear, "Are you comin to bed yet?" I say, "I'll just drop this load off and I'll be there." Then a couple of hours later I hear, "When are you comin to bed?" and I say the same thing again and hear, "You said that two hours ago." That's how it is and that's what it does. The best form of addiction I could ever recommend. My personal opinion? ATS - It's a lot better than going to bed!
Posted: August 15, 2020
as a truck driver myself, i find that ats is the best truck sim out there. i had to retire at age 31 because of bad health. i miss driving so much that this game is the only way i can ever get back in a truck. its super fun and very well put together iv already told people about this game and most said they will check it out..
Posted: October 26, 2021
I just received my real CDL license. This game actually helped me do my backing up for the DOT test. I built the same truck and trailer and passed with flying colors as it taught me what to look for on the actual maneuvers./..
Posted: January 3
As a truck driver with over 16.5 years experience & just being introduced to this game.....it is simply ASTOUNDING that I can actually recognize some of the places. I've been to ALL of the lower 48 & every province in Canada EXCEPT Novia Scotia & the Northern Territories. One of my FAVORITE places to stop at was Haugen, MT. I COULDN'T BELIEVE the ATTENTION TO DETAIL I saw on the simulator. EVERYTHING looks almost SPOT ON it was ALMOST like I was really there! The layout of the buildings, the detail on the buildings, right down to the big yellow sign that says "TRUCKS" in red letters & my FAVORITE was the detail on the 50'000 Silver Dollar building! As far as the ATTENTION TO DETAIL on the trucks, trailers & other equipment....SIMPLY AMAZING! The interiors are EXACTLY PERFECT! EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS GAME IS IMPRESSIVE!! I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE WHAT OTHER UPDATES COME ALONG & WHAT THEY COME UP WITH NEXT!! VERY IMPRESSED!! I'D SHAKE HANDS WITH EVERYONE INVOLVED IN PUTTING TIME & EFFORT INTO THIS!! FANTASTIC JOB!!!
Posted: October 19, 2019
As a RL Truck Driver I think they done an amazing job with this game, regarding physics, graphics and basically everything else especially how you can float the gears like in real life if you have a steering wheel and shifter. I really enjoy this game. Things I don't like: They need to add a bigger variety of trucks, they really need to add Freightliners, and a few more models of each one. Like the classic Freightliner and Pete, some cabovers and some more of the newer models as well. I guess the one thing that bothers me the most are the truck stop gas stations. I don't know about in other countries but In the U.S. they don't have 2 pumps in one row like a car gas station. They have 1 pump in each row and the one on the driver side is where you swipe your card and put in your info and the passenger side is just a pump so you can fill both tanks, so at ever truck stop there is a pump on both sides of the truck in every row. If SCS reads my review I hope you all will do some research into US truck stops and hopefully, even though I'm sure it would be a little bit of work, would redo the truck stops to be more realistic and maybe even get the licenses to re-name them. I would love to see a Pilot or Petro in the game. Other than that I do highly recommend this game to anyone that likes simulated driving games.
Posted: July 26, 2016
Why did i get this game???
Well.. Mainly because i've always liked seeing those big trucks driving by me, So i wondered what it would feel like driving a big tractor trailer, And so i got this!
Honestly, I can't say if it's anything like a real truck, But this game does get very very complicating when it comes to parking with your 53' container, And it makes me wonder, Wow! Those guys must really have some good practice! Because if i can't do it here, I for sure wont be able to do it in real life! xD
Multiplayer is super fun as well, Driving next to other truck drivers and then honking at them, or meeting new friends, SOME actually truck drivers, and then traveling with them, Stopping to weight your freight, getting gas and such, It's a very fun experience.
Honest Rating: 10/10 As of right now, Because I feel like i haven't played enough to experience any problems or bugs, But the game is very fun!! ***ONLY IF YOU LOVE SIMULATOR GAMES, If you don't, Then maybe think twice, But I enjoy simulator games.*** And if you want to give this game a try as your first Simulator game, Then i would recommend it!
Recommendable? Yes, I recommend it to people who want to give Simulator games a try, This is a perfect one. (Or Euro Truck Simulator) Although if you're from the USA i recommend this one, Because Euro Truck Simulator has different driving rules than US, So you might get tickets for some things you don't know lol..
Posted: June 2, 2018
It's 2am in San Diego, Ca. You just picked up a double of gravel, and it's your job to get it to Carson City, NV. in one piece, or two pieces, whatever. It's your first double, and you just bought a longer truck, so you're on edge as you snake your way through the narrow corridors of the miniture representation of Southern California, praying that you took that turn wide enough to avoid that stop light. You finally make it to the highway on-ramp. Traffic is pretty heavy for this early in the morning. Luckily, a tour bus stops in the middle of the highway and lets you merge. Weird, but appreciated none the less.
The next hour or so of your life is filled with constant taps on your A and D keys, as you snake your way through California. You put on some music to fill your ears with something else besides the low rumble of your Pete. Suddenly, traffic in front of you comes to a halt. Thankfully for you and your fellow commuters, you kept enough space between you and them, and quickly pressing on the brakes brings you to a rather abrupt stop. You see flashing lights ahead of you, and...is that a plane? After waiting for a few minutes for your brothers of the road to figure out how to zipper into the left lane, you pass what is indeed a small plane on the highway, surrounded by cones and a cop car.
Confused and introspective, you cruise into Carson City. This is it, the moment you've been waiting for. You roll up to the little booth at the entrance to the company yard and press Enter. Two options flash before you. Isn't there usually three? Anyway, "Auto Complete" or "Where do you want it?". Your mouse hovers over the auto-complete. I'm basically done, it's just a few XP right? No. Earn those points. Carry that weight. You defiantely click on the harder option. You slam it (click it) into gear and hammer down. You get about five feet down the dirt path then...THUNK. Your truck stops on a dime. You slowly swivel your head to your left mirror, and horror grips your heart. Your last wheel is stuck on a pole!
Let's be honest, you're not that great at backing up a single trailer, let alone two! You ponder what to do, before deciding to just go for it. You gingerly put the truck into reverse, slowly backing up into traffic, trailers going north AND south. Back in drive, you ease forward. Your last tire clears the pipe by a hair. You breathe a sigh of relief as you cruise past the gate guard, who seems too awestruck at your driving prowess to react or move or breathe. Rounding the corner, you see the little outline on the ground. Cut it wide right then back left, ease her up until that little prompt flashes, and you're done.
One double lighter, and $15,000 heavier, you pull into the gas station. After filling up your truck, you check the job screen. After that ordeal, you look for the smallest trailer possible, but what's this? An oversize load. Can my truck pull that? Probably not, but it'll be downhill all the way...
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Numbered reviews don't do it for me. 5/7 or 10/10 IGN doesn't tell me what I need to know, but a story does, an experience does. If a story is filled with glitches, bugs, and general hatred, I'll pass. You read through all of this (or skipped to the end idk), and you can make your own choice based on this and the thousands of other reviews for this game. It's not everybody's game, sure. It's not too exciting. The AI is weird at times and a poor judge of distance at others. However, if you're looking for a game to sit down with, grab a nice cup of caff/rum/capri sun, and zone out for a bit, I think you've found it. It runs well, the trucks are fun and responsive, the loads are varied enough so you won't be hauling the same thing over and over, unless you want to. Jump in the cab, fire her up, and I'll see you on the road.
Posted: February 15, 2022
life is a highway
and i wanna drive it all night long
Posted: January 18, 2022
Imagine this: Its 3am and you are rolling into Portland with a load of grapefruits. It has been raining all day and the fog is so thick you couldn't cut it with a butter knife. The sounds of the twin turbos on your Peterbilt are making your eyes heavy and your thoughts are on sleeping. You are cruising along at 45mph when a bozo runs a stop sign and pulls right out in front of you. Now you are wide awake, stomping on the brake pedal, and downshifting that 18 speed transmission. Somehow you avoid crashing into that SUV and continue on to your destination. You enter the gate of the distribution center and find out where you are supposed to drop the trailer. After maneuvering the trailer to the dock you drive over to pick up another trailer full of lettuce and you're off to Cheyenne, Wyoming.
That's just a sneak peek into one of the most immersive video games I've ever played in my life. This game gets in your blood and soon you'll start talking in trucker lingo and using words like "tanker yanker, reefer, smokey, and chicken coop." Your spouse, children, and coworkers will start to think you've lost your mind when you keep talking about those miles you've clicked off, the loads you've hauled, the places you've seen, and the people you've met.
If you are looking at a relaxing game to help you escape reality then look no further. American Truck Simulator is where it’s at.

Posted: August 29, 2022
This is the first time I've ever left a review on Steam, but I had to.
Let me preface this by stating I am a CDL instructor.
While the game can't mimic certain real life situations, the amount this game has gotten accurate is nothing short of impressive. I have since hung up my keys and live my days retired from the life, but firing this up with some noise cancelling headphones and hearing the engine noises, the turn indicator, the traffic, the air brakes, all of it takes me back.
I'm not going to sit here and nitpick out everything it didn't quite get right, like how if you try to GTA it, you have increasing fines but IRL you flat out lose your license and face jail time lol. I'd rather focus on what it DID get right.
Speaking of fines, the way they increase really makes it so if you do try to GTA it, you'll eventually start spending more money in fines than what you get from the load. Making it so that your profit margin increases dramatically for safe driving.
I purposely tried three profiles up to about level 20 each. I drove like a bat out of hell on the first as a gag, quasi crazy the second one, and perfectly safe the third time. I noticed that I made more profit with fewer deliveries by driving safe. So while the game can't take away your CDL for constantly running red lights and scraping the side of a car, the fact you just simply can't make a profit unless you drive safe was a nifty implementation.
I could go on and on about this game and the nostalgia for the open road it gives me, but I'd rather be playing it right now. I tried the demo, immediately pulled in, bought it on sale, and once I really experienced it, I didn't even question buying all the available DLC and now anxiously awaiting the new states.
Quick mention about Wyoming and Texas:
I'm going to enjoy driving Wyoming in this game as driving it in real life was an absolute headache with how often I-80 has chain ups for ice and shut downs just for strong winds that could blow your trailer clean over. So that's a reason I'm GLAD it's not 100% realistic.
For Texas, make sure you put the entirety of Dallas under construction....forever. Make sure no one ever uses a blinker. And make sure any shippers in Laredo have trailer yards so small that even the most skilled driver/gamer can't park a damn thing in it because they just simply can't move.
.....I hated Laredo loads. Can't you tell?
I will be constantly throwing my money at this game. I hope this goes far. I hope the devs never lose their passion for it. I hope it stays alive long enough to see the entire continental 48. Hell, I hope -I- stay alive long enough to see that lol. I would love to hop I-40 from Barstow clear to Wilmington, NC. Or I-10 from Cali to Florida.
I can't say enough good things and most have tuned me out by now so I'll wrap up.
I can't thank you enough for this game. My only regret is I didn't get in it sooner.
Posted: December 24, 2022
"So you just...drive trucks?"
YES, just that, and it's amazing.
this game is pure therapy 
A Screenshot of American Truck Simulator
By: Paracetamol 🗿
ATS and ETS are the type of games whom words can't give justice. Try telling your friend that you drive a truck from point A to point B, maybe fill up the tank once in a while and sleep so that you don't have to hear the "WHAAAH" every 5 minutes! It feels like I'm trying to sell them a pyramid scheme.
Q. Does it have vehicle damage?
No
Q. Does it have realistic environment?
Distant mountains look like ps2 Harry Potter meme
Q. Does it have great graphics?
It did recieve lighting update, but overall graphics is not comparable to current modern games
There is nothing to say in words to excite someone to play it, except making them play it and just wait to see if they didn't like it or absolutely ♥♥♥♥ loved it.
So why do we love SCS Software's truck simulators?
> The rain pouring outside as your truck sits on a parking spot.
> Glasses rolled up giving that muffled outer ambient sound
> The sound of raindrops hitting your truck.
> You roll down you glasses, the sounds become clearer.
>You hear the cars passing by, the construction nearby or the train crossing going 'ting ting ting ting...'
>You start your engine.
>The 'ghrrrr' of the engine, feels like the chesis is shaking a bit (even though it's not).
>The 'tk...tk...tk' of side light.
>The mild inertia as you start moving.
See, it's the little things that make ETS/ATS worth the time. The very simple task of taking things from places to places as you listen to the world (or the radio station) and think about yourself, or what'll make for dinner, or what was that thing I was supposed to do tomorrow. It's pure therapy.
If what I wrote sounds something only 'slow gamers' would enjoy, I just want to say that I'm 24, and I play competitive games all the time, along of any other genre of games. But 5-7 years from now, I know I won't be playing Rainbow Six Siege, just like I stopped playing CSGO. But I know for sure that when I'll come back from work, tired, I'll turn this beautiful beautiful piece of game and play for hours as I think about my life and what I can do to make it even better.
It's not something one can say about all games.
Thank you if you've read this far.
Posted: August 21, 2022
When I was a very small boy in the early 1970s, my mother bought me a book. I do not know the name of the book, (since I could not yet read), but I've always remembered it as "The Big Book of Trucks." Within the pages of that book, as you might imagine, were very detailed paintings of various trucks -- pumper trucks, garbage trucks, cement trucks, and of course tractor-trailer combo trucks. The book absolutely fascinated me for several years (or so it seemed; time passes differently for youngsters than it does for adults), and up until the age of 12 or so, every time an adult asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up, the inevitable answer was "a truck driver!" Seeing the movie "Smokey and the Bandit" and living through the late '70s CB craze just reinforced the notion in my head.
Fast forward to the age of 17 and I enlisted in the Marine Corps for the simple reason that it was the most expedient way to get out of my hometown and on my own. After several years in the infantry, I got out and went to college, majoring in engineering. I've now spent 30 years in the construction industry, rising to the position of executive vice president. I am, by the measures of society, a very successful man. But every time an over-the-road owner/operator drops off a load at our shop, I watch with green-eyed envy as he pulls out of the parking lot, heading for his next load and the open road. Every single time that happens, I think of the junior college down the street that offers a six week truck driving course. Since I do not wish to drop a zero off the end of my income, however, I sigh and walk back into my office to deal with the thousand problems awaiting me. But my mind is on the highway.
In this game, the developers have given me the greatest gift anyone can present to another person: the fulfillment of a fantasy. On the weekends, I can hole up in my home office and run a trucking company, driving a rig across many states while listening to a stream of current pop music which I'd otherwise never hear. I am transported to a different time and place in which I am once again young, where my future is not set and the world is my oyster. I quite literally cannot put a price on that gift. From the bottom of my heart I thank you, SCS.
Posted: June 26, 2018
I downloaded this game because I needed something less violent for my kid to watch me play. I didn't expect to enjoy it. It was just because he saw the big rigs and got excited. Yet, long after he had fallen asleep, I found myself still on the open road with cargo in tow working towards my dream of long haul empire. I don't know why I like this game so much. I don't know why this game is so exciting. I don't know why I'm finding myself thinking about this game while I'm at work. But yet, I do. I recommend it!
Posted: November 3, 2020
I just like driving without having to spend real money on gas,
Posted: June 21, 2021
i drive exclusively on the shoulder at full speed to avoid speeding tickets
Posted: May 16, 2023
My speeding tickets make up over 70% of the United States economy
Posted: February 27, 2022
Got this game to learn how to shift and I got in a actual truck with a instructor and he thought I had experience 😂
Posted: October 29, 2017
Take your headphones off when you launch the game.
Posted: March 7, 2017
Hello I am Edward Banks a retired Truck Driver and I am injoying myseli playing your game America Truck Simulator,because some of the Trucking Compans I drove for are in the game. I drave coast to coast for most of the time i drove in all about 25 years and I love playing this game, i hope one day you will have coast to coast runs in it I will never stop playing then.Somr times now I stay up all night just like the real thangs. I thank you for making this game I got some of my old Truck Drives playing it now. You Guys did a great JOB making this game i buy every one you make. I highly recommend this game,to anyone who love trucks as much as I do.
Posted: April 26, 2020
being a former truck driver for 30 years and then going into being a instructor i would recommend this game for those who wish to drive a truck once again. its hard to let go because this game allows me to interact like the real deal, its fun, creative, rules of the road, lots more. if i could i would love to smell that diesel smoke from my pc that would be cool hahahaha. for those who want to get into the trucking business go for it this world needs us without it products would not get to anybody as fast. check the song out from Red Simpson-Diesel Smoke he has a lot more songs for truck driving i listen to these while playing the game memories you cannot buy with money. driving allows me to talk with Jesus, pray, and be at piece, i love the lord he is my best passenger.
Posted: December 31, 2020
As a now disabled former OTR driver, I like to call this my driving therapy.
Posted: June 13, 2023
Puts music on
Selects a job with long straight highway roads during sunrise or sunset
Chill and think about life
Posted: July 14, 2023
Don't get confused by its name: while you certainly can simulate some trucks and parking with a trailer, the true purpose of this game is virtual sightseeing and long distance road trips.
While we are talking about sightseeing, do yourself a favor and turn OFF depth of field graphics option as it ruins the backgrounds.
Edit 100 hours later: if you can't find specific cargo for achievements, buy a compatible trailer and drive with it so the game HAS to generate more opportunities for you.
Posted: July 2, 2020
Even if you're not the fan of the 18 wheelers, do yourself a favor and try this game. Nothing can replicate that peculiar feeling of driving across the States at 4AM while your radio is tuned to "Road to hell".
Posted: November 14, 2020
Actual truck driver here. What if I told you that there are people who will pay you to do this?
Posted: February 9, 2021
The only thing I have to say is that when you purchase a garage you should be able to repair your truck in that same garage. To me this is only logical since it is a garage and not just a truck depot.

Posted: November 19, 2023
Honestly I bought this cause I thought it was funny, but now this ♥♥♥♥ is all I do, when I wake up I play this game for an hour before going to work, then after work I get home and play American Trucking simulator for 3 hours before I go to sleep. This game is just so fun to me and I don't know why please somebody help this game is killing me.
Posted: February 3, 2016
I'm going to be completely honest. I don't know a lot about trucks, or about trucker life, or about running a trucking business. But American Truck Simulator still appeals to me. Driving along a highway making a delivery while listening to some music, listening to a podcast or watching a twitch stream/youtube video is very satisfying and relaxing, however its debatable if what is available here is worth the price(I'll argue both points of view)
You're given 2 states, and 2 types of trucks at launch. Thats all you get. Granted, more will be available down the line, at launch its a very small pick. You're going to see the same landmarks several times just by playing about as much as I have(A little over 6 hours at this point). You're also going to be doing a lot of the same thing, especially if you don't get a loan early on and just do Quick Jobs like I've been doing. However, if the gameplay thats given is satisfactory enough, I could forgive it, which is is in my opinion.
However, if you've played a lot of Euro Truck Simulator 2, I would recommend you wait on this. There isn't much of a change at all, its basically a well made expansion pack to ETS 2. If you're looking for more of that gameplay with a new environment, $20 might be a fair enough price, but if you're on the fence, wait. I'm sure it'll be on sale a few months down the line, and I'm sure they'll be more content at that point. But I do think its worth the $20 purchase is worth it if you haven't played Euro Truck Simulator before.
The gameplay is nice and relaxing with some light management gameplay tacked on for good measure. Its absolutely worth $20 for me, but I think most people will want to wait.
Wait For A Sale
Posted: February 27, 2022
Really nice game, Good job SCS
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10

Posted: February 27
My grandpa used to drive truck before I was born and his passing away when I turned 18 interested me in trucks. I even have a license plate with his name on it in the passenger seats for every truck I get in game to honor his memory and make it feel like he's there in the passenger seat.
Rest in Peace, Grandpa.
Posted: January 16, 2021
As a European having originally played Euro Truck Simulator 2 for a few months before trying this one out I have to say, this game feels very different. I remember that for my first couple deliveries I struggled to tame the monsters that are American trucks: long noses, 18 gears and HUGE trailers. But I feel somewhat richer for having managed that. It gives you a feel for America: everything is enormous and very proud of it, whereas European cabovers and cities are more on-the-point, silent and quaint. The environments feel like nothing Europe could offer- not that Europe doesn't offer tremendous sights- so as someone from this part of the world, you will find a lot to learn and gander at. I will always be more fond of a DAF XF than a Kenworth, because it's what I grew up seeing on the streets. But this game has helped me appreciate American trucks to the extent of furthering a passion which has filled a void in my soul. I will always love these powerful beasts.
Posted: June 11, 2023
Product received for free
The AI brake check you constantly and cops pull out in front of you with no regard for you or anybody else's safety. All it's missing is some lane-drifting Toyota Camry or a guy in a lifted Dodge Ram threatening you with a gun.
The most realistic American driving experience money can buy!
Posted: February 15, 2023
Gas station hot dog grease dribbles down my chins, splattering on my off-white wife beater next to the other unrecognizable stains that inhabit my person. I pick up my fourth monster energy zero ultra, savoring that sweet *pop* as I pull back the tab and take a drink of god's own elixir. My fuel tank is full, my cargo is loaded, and nothing breaks my line of sight except an empty road and a clear blue sky. A smile breaks upon my face as I lean back into my air-ride throne, surveying my domain, for in this castle of steel and plastic - I am King.
Posted: December 22, 2020
This game is more than just a driving simulator. It's a landscape experience.
Screenshots won't reveal the full beauty of this game, cause they don't show how daytime and weather change while you drive, how the first sunbeams flash through trees and hills as you leave the night behind, how massive forests reveal as you climb mountain roads and cut through curvy canyons, or the mad contrast of Las Vegas' vibrant colors vs the lonely Route-66-style desert roads... these moments are gold, and define the atmosphere of a game that can be as relaxing or challenging as you want, based on the truck and cargo that you pick – but it will always be a beautiful trip.
Also, THIS is the game that TRULY deserves the Labor of Love award. In a year that has been most difficult for everyone, SCS managed to add more than ever: 2 map expansion DLCs, 3 completely new trucks brands (for FREE!), completely rework the lighting system (after complely overhauling the audio engine)... They just make the game better. Every year. For free.
For years now, SCS keep improving and remain honest, loyal and supportive to their customers and games. What more can you ask.
(P.S. They just revealed plans for official co-op multiplayer.)
Posted: March 21, 2023
This game has ruined my daily routine. I haven't gone to the gym in a week because of this game. I haven't spent anytime with friends because of this game. I am in my early twenties and I feel like my life is slowly slipping away from me because of this game. I have spent 35 hours driving trucks across the american landscape, bought almost all the DLC and been drinking nothing but budweiser and soft drinks like a true american in the last 5 days. I need help, this game is going to make me need therapy because I think I have an addiction. I will get home from work tonight and once again, turn my computer on and get straight into trucking. I wish I never purchased this game as it is ruining my life. I love and hate this game, if you are going to buy it be warned it might get you too.
Posted: June 3, 2019
I actually drive real Semi trucks for a living and I love this game. Its relaxing and the modding community is great. The map is awesome too. Definitely worth a buy if your into driving sims.
Posted: February 2, 2022
ya know just runnin' down i95 bout 90mph haulin hogs in ma peterbuilt
Posted: March 12, 2020
truck
Posted: September 1, 2023
I love the game it a lot like real trucking. I drove for over 20 years and i miss driving, retired now and play this all the time .
Posted: August 28, 2021
Don't the hours make a point?
Posted: February 9
Love to drink and play this :)
Posted: August 1, 2023
This is a great way to kill some mind numbing hours that would normally be spent plotting the downfall of the free world and the captivation of all of the good people for bad purposes.
Posted: February 2, 2016
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
Simultaneously one of my favorite games of 2016, and one of the biggest disappointments. And I’m okay with that, because it’s a lot like being disappointed in a great-tasting meal that was just too small. Small enough (yet so tasty!) that you’re left wanting seconds immediately after finishing, but the kitchen has already closed for the night.
First the good: The locations you can explore look amazing, from the sunny beaches of California to the tumbleweed-laden deserts of Nevada, each area feels unique and even beautiful. I’m a big fan of attention to detail in simulations, and I don’t just mean including famous landmarks. I mean the little stuff like run-down shopping centers, signs for divorce court and cheeseburgers, and speed traps laid by highway patrolmen with nothing better to do. As an American, I think they did a great job nailing down the feeling of driving here, down to the idiots who don’t know how to use the fast lane on the highway and the bizarrely high number of self-storage buildings. The weighty, believable physics simulation and driving model are back in action as well, making great use of everything from a keyboard, to a gamepad, to a top of the line force feedback steering wheel setup. Quite simply, it’s everything I expected from SCS Software and their penchant for higher-quality than you might expect compared to similar simulations.
So why am I let down? It’s a combination of minimal changes made and a lack of overall content. ATS uses an enhanced version of the engine used in ETS2, although at first glance it’s hard to tell any difference. You’ve got the same menus, the same UI, the same controls, many of the same sound effects, and so on. The biggest change arrives in the form of new locations to explore and new trucks to purchase. And by that I mean two states and two trucks: the states of California and Nevada, and the Kenworth T 680 and Peterbilt 579. That’s it. The cities are far more detailed and interesting than in ETS2 though, and there are licensing issues preventing more trucks at the moment so that makes sense. But still...
I find myself hesitating to fully recommend it on launch. I’m still so hungry for more that it’s bothering me, and I would’ve much rather waited a few months for a more complete game. Ignoring that and giving SCS Software time to add more stuff, and I’d absolutely recommend this one. Even if it feels like a preview right now, the taste of things to come is scrumptious, and I can’t wait to dive into more as it arrives!
Posted: November 24, 2022
I don't know anything about trucks
(real) driving gives me terrible anxiety
within a week of getting this game i asked my wife for a racing wheel for christmas
Posted: December 16, 2023
i love drinking and driving :)
Posted: February 21, 2016
I picked this up the day after it came out, and have been playing it off and on since my new HDD came in - so far I'm liking what I'm seeing. Please bear in mind this review is coming from someone who came from Euro Truck Simulator 2, and while I've tried to avoid comparisons between the two, they're inevitably going to crop up as I type this.
I'll divide this into 4 sections: The great, the good, the bad, and the ugly.
The Great
Here's what I felt was executed masterfully, what I feel there's little to no way to improve upon what's already in the game:
- Believable damage implementation. There's no collision deformation, sadly, but as your truck becomes damaged, more and more things start happening - neglect your engine and it'll start to fail mid-trip, neglect your gearbox and you'll lose the high gears.
- Very immersive. It's easy to lose yourself in this game. Put on a radio station or a podcast, and relax.
- Easy to mod. The game makes itself easy to mod, and has a large and active modding community as a result. If you type in "American Truck Simulator" into the search engine of your choice you'll see at least ten websites dedicated to mods.
- Trailer parking system gives you a choice in difficulty. Upon arrival with a load, you almost always have a choice in where to park the load, with 3 options - generally, a more difficult one that requires backing up, an easier one where you just pull straight in, and an option to skip.
- Decent trailer variety. One of the things I noticed in ETS2 was how there was really one major variant to most trailers, excluding liveries. With most trailers here, there's a short variant and a long variant.
- Towns on the map actually feel like towns. Unlike in ETS2, there's actually commercial and residential districts in the towns across the map - it doesn't just feel like a giant industrial district.
The good
Here's what I felt was done well, but had room for improvement:
- The map is rather detailed. You can tell that someone spent a lot of care working with the map, and it doesn't feel at all like a bunch of pre-fabricated areas cut and pasted together. Some bits don't make much sense, however, such as a burger stand without a parking lot, or a giant sign advertising a hotel-and-casino sitting in front of a motel parking lot, no casino or hotel in sight. Scaling feels a bit awkward as well, a good example is on the Cali 58 southeast of Bakersfield where there's four sudden hills one after another - fun, yes; but a bit unrealistically close together.
- Weather effects are pretty nice, but limited. It's mildly disappointing waking up in 'Frisco and not seeing the Bay's thick fog over the Golden Gate Bridge, or not seeing the wind kick up a dust storm out in the Nevada desert sometimes.
- Policing system was reworked from ETS2's. There's actually patrol cars that'll drive around the roads, that act as speed cameras on wheels. If you speed near them, they'll turn on the lightbar, and you'll get a citation. You'll see a few parked on the side of the road running radar here and there, as well. However, the amount of police cruisers patrolling the streets is absurd, especially on the freeways where you can have three patrol cars one after another. They also bear a generic CHiP livery, which is a bit bland.
The bad
Here's what I felt rather disappointed by - not enough for me to feel a rework is in order, but enough for me to want to complain about it:
- The game feels very unfinished. When it came time to release, there were all of two trucks. As of me typing this, there are three - 2 Kenworths, and a Peterbilt. Customisation is rather limited, and it seems overlooked. If you look around in the options you'll find keybindings mentioning beacon lights (no such beacons exist yet) and in the lighting adjustment you'll find options referencing auxiliary lights (which also do not exist yet). Also, at one on/off ramp in Elko, there's redundant traffic signals facing the wrong way on the ramp. Although several modders have ported in customisation items from ETS2 that render most of the previous sentences moot, it still feels as if this game is little more than a beta at this stage. (You'll note I did not mention anything about what states the map does or does not include.)
- Passing zones on back roads are few and far between. Seriously - there's very few places where you don't have the double yellow line that isn't right before an intersection - I'm not from California nor Nevada, but I know that here, at least, unless you're coming up to a blind hill or corner, or an intersection, there's a passing zone. Mildly frustrating when you're behind an underpowered truck doing 20 below at the start of a long straight section.
- The traffic's AI is a bit screwey sometimes. They'll wait to signal a turn until they're a car-length away, they'll pull out in front of you to turn right at some traffic lights (especially bad when the speed limit's 55), and - my biggest nitpick - when they're turning right on green, they'll stop at the light, pull up a bit, stop again then make the turn - bad news for a driver not expecting this.
- Road signage nitpicks: If you're unfamiliar with the roads you're on, speed limit changes occur without warning - especially, in once case, a 55 to 25 drop. (Note: In the previous example, it's fairly obvious the reduction is coming if you look at the GPS; however 55 to 35 drops are fairly common.) I don't know if it's done this way in California/Nevada, but down where I'm from, sudden speed limit changes are announced a ways beforehand with a sign reading "REDUCED SPEED AHEAD" or a sign with the speed limit on it, with an arrow pointing forward (think the "YIELD AHEAD" signs in-game, but with a speed limit sign instead of the yield triangle). Road work signs are posted a short ways away from the construction site, not all of 25 feet before.
The Ugly
Here's the (thankfully only 1 major) things I felt was done horribly:
- Weigh stations give little to no warning. The major killers here are the two on IH-80 in Nevada, where the speed limit goes up to 80 and you have a chance to get up to speed. Here, it's rather rare for AI trucks to get going that fast, so I'm usually in the inside lane overtaking the other trucks. The notification is set so close to the weigh station, you have 5 and a half seconds at ten under to decide whether you have enough time to get up to speed, pass, and get into the weigh station, or whether you need to brake and drop back, try and squeeze into the spot between the truck you're passing and the car behind it, and slam on the brakes to make it into the weigh station. This isn't an exaggeration, either - I was in an underpowered Kenworth T680 passing a truck with a tipper-trailer when I got the notif between Truckee and Reno, and just barely had enough time to brake, squeeze between him and the cop behind him, and pull into the weigh station - if I'd have taken a half second longer to react, I literally would have missed the off-ramp.
- The purpose of coinsurance is not well explained. I might have just missed it, but all I knew was "it would be paid separately" (said when I bought my truck) and that it shows at the bottom of the diagnostics page.
Closing notes
All cons aside, if you're a diehard fan of ETS2 and want to support the company like I did, it's worth the twenty bucks. If you merely like ETS2, I'd recommend getting the demo and seeing what ATS has to offer before jumping in. If you're new to SCS, stick with ETS2.
All in all, I'll give it a solid B-.
Review typed for game version 1.1.1.3s on 2016-02-21. Edited 2016-03-03 because I timed the weigh station bit and to remove an erroneous example in the "unfinished" bullet.
Posted: August 4, 2023
y'all need to add a Bucees or Wawa DLC
Posted: February 12
its not just a game or simulator , i think a lot about life when i m driving in this game at midnight , its a special thing to me
Posted: June 3, 2016
Pros:
Great Graphics
Nice scenery
Nice trucks
Detailed interiors
Variety of jobs and trailers
Mods from Steam Workshop
Trading Cards
Achievments
Cons:
Would like a bigger map ( I know there are more states coming like Arizona )
More types of AI cars

Posted: September 2, 2017
After playing ETS2 and the American Truck sim for a week I went and got my truck license in real life.
With mods I was able to learn the 18 speed road ranger gear box before I even did my test.
I now hold a truck license in real life thanks to this game.

Posted: May 14, 2018
Been driving Big Ones "Long Haul" for over 40yrs.American Truck Sim.is as close as you will get to the Real Thing! With out actually leaving the comfort of your home.Even the Crazy Antics of "Small One" drivers is the same.Long Haul driving,is'nt a job.It's a way of life.You either Love it.Or,Hate it.In my case,I ADORE it.I both congratulate the creators of ATS.ETS2.&ETS.and thankyou for bringing back the joy and love that I had.When I was on the "Road."I have not had access to the Net.But will have Full Access,shortly.I have clocked up over 1,000,000klms.on ETS.and over 600,000mls.on ATS.I am driving every day possible.Sometimes 10 or 12hrs.at a stretch.And would,and have,recomend this Sim.to any one.Who has Diesel for Blood.Or suspects that they may have."Keep the Shiny Side Up and I"ll Catch You On The Flip Side." Bye Bye. John T.
Posted: June 2, 2020
I have been playing American Truck Simulator on and off since day one back in February 2016. It's a game that has come a reasonable way during this time and has served me very well as I've finally reached the 1,000 hour mark making it my most played game on the Steam platform. Whilst I do recommend this game, it is not without some caveats to carefully consider before purchasing though.
The base game is made up of three states consisting of California, Nevada and Arizona. These are really beginning to show their age especially when compared to the newer paid DLC. At the time of writing this review, there is New Mexico, Oregon, Washington and Utah available along with Idaho and Colorado also on the way. The expansions make a huge difference to the experience with better overall quality and variety.
Sadly there are only a handful of trucks when compared to Euro Truck Simulator 2 due to unforeseen licencing issues but the game does offer a nice selection of trailers plus the driving physics are challenging, but feel absolutely fantastic. It is probably the best representation of driving out there. Thankfully the truck selection is also bolstered with the incredible mods available from the outstanding community.
Developers SCS are constantly supporting this game and each major update always brings new features and improvements largely based off player feedback. There is still much more to do though and things like the in-game economy and career need some major overhauls to bring them up to date and feel more worthwhile. Those familiar with ETS2 from 2012 will find the format of this game exactly the same.
I do feel Euro Truck Simulator 2 is the better game of the two by virtue of the trucks available and the sheer scope of the map. ATS is a big game but it doesn't have as many major roads and cities are extremely small with big places missing. This doesn't mean you can't play both titles and it's nice to switch between the two games because they feel different but ETS2 just has so much more to offer.
In terms of the future, SCS's are working on a state-by-state basis and as long as people buy the content then more will follow. I think the devs would be biting off more than they can chew if they aim to complete the whole USA and nothing has been promised but what is guaranteed is this game will be supported for years to come. I just hope they don't get too bogged down and their long term creativity gets held back by the long-term support of this game.
Overall I have really enjoyed ATS over the years and it represents outstanding value for money even if you buy the game and its expansions at full price. It is a game you can just pick up and play without the daunting complexities that some simulators have. If you're are tempted then the state DLC is a must to get the best out of the game otherwise you will miss out on the best this product has to offer.
Posted: September 12, 2022
Hello all,
I am an 82 year old retired cross-country truck driver who was driving from 1961 to 2011, until my career was halted by a cross eyed slowpoke who doesn't know anything about anything and mistakenly t-boned my at an intersection and cut me clean in half. I love this game because it reminds me of my greasy oily glory days. Thank you SCS for this wonderful recreation of America as it allows me to spy on my wifes girlfriend without having to put any effort in.
Salutations, GREASEBALL
Posted: September 27, 2020
Product received for free
This game is my ASMR. It's relaxing and I just drive around for a few hours to get myself tired enough to go to bed.
Posted: July 17, 2023
Needs hookers at the truck stop but apart from that it's an accurate sim. 9.9/10
Posted: June 1, 2017
I am a Truck Driver IRL and absolutley love the Truck Simulator games, very authentic and realistic if you are using a compatible steering wheel, still a lot of fun without the wheel though, 5 thumbs up all day long
Posted: October 1, 2023
the drunks yearn for the open road
Posted: February 27, 2022
I crashed and flipped my truck over at 100 MPH, 12/10 would absolutely recommend
Posted: March 19, 2021
I am retired from truck driving. Fun to jump in and get the feel of it again. I recommend a steering wheel controller for games like this and all driving games. Makes a world of difference.
Posted: January 18
i drive
Posted: September 3, 2020
WAS UP FOLKS i'M A RETIRED TRUCKER OF OVER 40 + YEARS I'VE LOGED OVER 5.4 MILLION MILES FROM COAST TO COAST . I've done 3 years on the Alaska ice road running on the Dalton highway . I;m a big lover of a great simulator games. my first video game is a scs software 18 wheels of steel pedal to the metal. I HAVE BEEN PLAYING IT for 14 years so with said i just bought scs software American truck simulator and i love it i highly recommened this or any scs game scs software stands 101% behind their product so of you want to have hours of fun get american truck simulator thanks scs and steam powered your friend james

Posted: May 15, 2022
Get this and you don't really need anything else for a really long time!
Rating: 9/10
Let me be clear, I only like AAA or AA games and don't like grinding stuff, yet I have been doing literally the same thing on this game for over 30 hrs and still feel there is a lot more to be done!
Basically, you do the job or run your own company. You hire drivers and buy trucks, you install mods and you also buy garage upgrades. You even take loans with the intention of actually paying them back lol. You buy map DLCs and other modifications for your trucks. You get a lady and a dog in your cabin for fun.
And most importantly, you drive a truck with proper traffic rules, pay fines, petrol, and deliver on time. You have the control of headlights, wipers, indicators, and everything you could imagine. You can even control Rain from settings XD
And my few suggestions: Install PNG Graphics mod, HD Road Mod, Enhanced Vegetation and mountain texture mods too. Increase scaling resolution to at least 200% (or 400% if you can) and you will get to enjoy the beautiful world of Truck Simulator too <3
Buy it even if you don't have time to play right now..it's really worth more than the asking price!
Update: Suckers are now committed to looting more by their pricing strategy. So do watch out before you buy from them.
Posted: March 12, 2021
Truck
Posted: December 27, 2021
American Truck Sim is legitimately probably the best catalyst for novel thought out there besides a heroic dose or an extended soulful backpacking trip. It sounds pretty boring; it's a truck sim, what the ♥♥♥♥ are you going to do besides drive from point A to B? Well, I mean honestly, it really is only that plus some.
It's better to think of this game as more of a tool than as an entertainment device. While you listen to an audiobook, podcast, a more complex album, or get lost in sorting out your own thoughts, the game quadruples your engagement. It basically acts as the perfect fidget spinner, which sounds trucking stupid to say, but it's true. The game's environment and gameplay of managing and driving a massive 18wheeler across the United States provides just enough engagement to put your brain into the perfect learning mode. All the content you engage with passively and might tune out subconsciously (but would rather remain fixed to and engaged with) gains the ability to perpetually grip you and consequently everything they have to teach or have you experience can be received in absolute. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ based.
Besides its mentioned utility, the game is also incredibly well built by a dev team that genuinely cares about the product they're making and who continues to flesh it out with more content and soul all the time. The game is filled with the cities you'd expect to find well designed (and are) in a game like this, but it also contains plenty of small towns and roads that are fantastic to drive through and really flesh out the world and show the soul of what most states truly are.
Definitely pick it up if you have interest in it (there's a lot of dlc too but on sale it's all relatively cheap and is absolutely worth it).
I can definitely recommend some jazz like: Hermitix [anchor.fm], a podcast in your target language[coffeebreaklanguages.com], or the epic Greg Sadler when jiving.
Posted: July 5, 2023
Well, being European i am always going to prefer Euro Truck Simulator 2, but this game is also pretty fantastic.
Turning right on a red signal will always feel so wrong.
Posted: March 14
I love this game so much i became a real trucker
Posted: February 16, 2016
All of my reviews are based around my personnal opinion, they're not swayed by a majority of people liking or disliking it.
Better than
Euro Truck Simulator
Worse than
Euro Truck Simulator 2
TL:DR
American Truck Simulator is more of a re-skin of ETS2 but with added detail. People who've played ETS2 will pretty much recognise what they're doing and where to find things due to the game being made using the same engine. If you're new to the Truck Simulator franchise however, you'll find that this game is actually quite fun. The environments are beautiful, the cities are very big and there's a huge variety of roads such as ones that are long and narrow and ones that are more difficult to navigate. If you've played ETS2, I'd say wait till this game is on sale. If you're a newcomer, well worth your money!
NOTE:
All of my reviews are laid out in a particular format that fits the game.
About
American Truck Simulator [ATS] is a spin off to the popular game, Euro Truck Simulator 2 [ETS2]. Just like the title says, you'll be driving around two of America's states, California and Nevada, in a truck. Since ATS was made using the same engine as ETS2, there are a lot of similarities, most notabley the UI. Just like It's previous games, in ATS you start a company in which you make deliveries for other people to earn money. The more money you get, the more you can upgrade your warehouse, and get drivers to work for you. That's basically it.
Gameplay
Again, gameplay for this game is a lot like ETS2. If you've played ETS2, then this game shouldn't be difficult for you at all. If you haven't played ETS2, It's not hard to get into basics. There are differnet modes for controls, some which are more difficult than others. Just like ETS2, there are radio stations where you can listen to music, you can customize your truck by adding different paint jobs, there are different camera views to view your truck from different angles and have the basis of any other vehicle such as headlights, indicators, windscreen wipers and a horn.
But as I mentioned before there is added detail to ATS. One thing for example is police cars. Police cars pretty much act as moving speed cameras. If you break the speed limit and/or do something that's illegal they'll fine you, plus turn on their sirens and just sit there.... watching you.
Cities and towns are much bigger than the ones in ETS2. There is now an actual good reason to travel through cities and admire the views.
The map in this game is pretty disappointing, I've already discovered at least 80% of it. Yes I know, they're adding a free dlc soon that adds Arizona, but right now, the map is small.
Design & Graphics
I would say there is a slight better quality when it comes to graphics & design that ETS2.
ATS isn't a hard game to run when it comes to graphics. Just like it's predecessor, there are plenty of graphics options. I can easily run Ultra graphics, so I'm assuming it isn't that hard.
One of the main things the developers were working on this game, was design. The game has much more detail than ETS2. There is much more of a variety of different roads. cities and towns are much larger and are more detailed and there are some really beautiful views. Sometimes at night times you can see shooting stars, and in day time you can easily see planes and jets flying around.
Also I swear I saw a UFO in Nevada...
UI [User Interface]
Like I said before, the UI of this game is pretty much Identical to ETS2's, pretty much nothing has changed, which in most ways is a good thing. If you've played ETS2 then you won't have any trouble on getting to understand where everything is. As for newcomers, just like in the previous games, there are tutorials that tell you where everything is, so I doubt there will be a time where you struggle.
Pros
- Beautiful Environment
- So much detail!
- Very relaxing
- It's pretty much what you want in a truck game.
- Much bigger towns and cities.
Cons
- Such a small map.
- Very similar to ETS2.
- Some background terrain looks very bland.
Final Recommendation
More of a reskin, than a unique game. People who've played ETS2 before would probably find this a bit disappointing. But from my experience I've enjoyed playing this. There is much more added detail and many beautiful places to explore, even if It's a small map. Just like It's predecessor, It's a relaxing experience, thats what's important to me.
It isn't perfect, and It's definitely not better than ETS2, but It is worth your money.
Final Verdict - 7.5/10.
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
If you liked this review, be sure to give it a like! I'm still learning. :)
Also be sure to follow my curator page here- http://steamcommunity.com/groups/narukoopasfriends#curation
Thanks for Reading!
Posted: October 20, 2022
I never thought this game would be the game I go to at the end of the work day.
One of my fondest memories would be the times my family drove across the United States visiting friends and family across the country. This would be in the mid 2000's and the cars dashboards had defined red, blue, yellow, and green colored lights. The cars all smelled the same when you hopped in them after they sat in the sun for awhile. I remember my family borrowed a friend's 1998 Chevy Suburban that was a navy blue. The SUV was heavy and took bumps on the road like a champ. I fell asleep often to the droning sound of the wheels on the road and the click clacks you hear when going over a bridge. All these sounds, colors, and locations I associated with positive memories. I guess that's why I feel so connected to the way America is simulated in this game.
Not only do I get hits of nostalgia but I love the business simulator side of the game. I'm addicted to working towards buying new garages and filling them with trucks and employees so we can beat last quarters earnings. Finding the best contracts and depots to operate out of is always fun, and going on long deliveries seems to be therapeutic.
I don't have a lot of time outside of work, between college classes, and spending time with my 2 year old son. ATS is perfect for me since once I get home late at night, I jump into my game, put on king of the hill or futurama on my second monitor, play for 1 - 2 hours and call it a night.
Posted: August 1, 2017
Being a retired truck driver, I have to say that I am really impressed with how life like driving the trucks in the game are. Sometimes I'll be in game rolling down the road listening to my fav tunes and recognize an area that I've been through in real life and I have to remind myself that I am in a game. The physics, geometry and handling are spot on! You want a taste of what driving a truck is like? This is the game to play! I have 700 hours into this game so far and still loving it! Thanks for the great game!
*UPDATE* Over 2,000 hrs in game and still addicted! There's been lots of updates since I started playing, 5 states, 3 more trucks and at least 3 dlc's have been added so they are continually updating with new goodies. New sound format, better textures and more!
Posted: January 16, 2017
As a professional truck driver of 17 years who lives in California, I am fairly impressed with this game. The developers did a great job capturing the feel and geography of the Southwest and truck operations. There were some little niggling graphical oversights (no Joshua trees in the Mojave desert? Biplanes patrolling Calfornia freeways?) but they are minor complaints. I was able to recognize specific landmarks, and though the developers took some artistic license with the freeway systems, they remain close to their real life counterparts. I would enjoy seeing more states added, I think the Western 11 states would be good. The Central US would just be too boring to recreate (anyone up for a drive across Nebraska/Kansas/North & South Dakota?) but the East Coast could be a blast to drive! Their could be more truck specific options added, like an interaxle differential switch, or an expert option where the player has to adjust the tandems and fifth wheel slide to make legal weight. Or if you are a real nerd, the requirement to operate under the 11/14/70 hour rules. I look forward to seeing more states and trucks added, and I highly recommend this game.
Posted: November 29, 2019
Ultimately, I left American Truck Simulator thankful that it was more of the same. Hop in a truck, drive where I'm told to drive and see some sights whiz past. As someone who sunk countless hours into Euro Truck Simulator 2, a fresh coat of paint, an unfamiliar set of sights and the challenge of driving on the wrong opposite side of the road left me confident that I'll be sinking just as many hours into American Truck Simulator. It's not all of America right now, but it's an exciting start.
While not much has changed from ETS 2 to American Truck Simulator, the few improvements are helpful. There isn’t enough here that really changed though from game to game. If you enjoyed the last one, this is a lot more of the same, right down to the level up screen, and hiring drivers menu. It’s not a bad game at all, but it essentially more of an expansion rather than a new game. Still, if this type of game interests you at all, it is definitely worth a pick up.
American Truck Simulator is a game I'll be investing plenty of time into, and since it's priced fairly, I'm happy to invest more cash into it as well. See you on the road.

Posted: February 27, 2022
My buddy was playing it one day and when i decided to get a gaming pc o downloaded and i got addicted to it. Today is the first time in two years ive been able to play the game it is just absoutetly amazing still. It keeps me busy. Helps me pass time, gets my mind off of things. i give this game a 5 star review anyday of the week
Posted: April 11, 2023
I'll make this easy.
If you like to drive trucks: buy this game.
If you're too broke to travel: buy this game.
If you're too young to drive: buy this game.
If you like simulators: buy this game.
If you enjoy open-worlds: buy this game.
If you like mods: buy this game.
You wanna play with friends?: buy this game.
You wanna play alone?: buy this game.
You like management simulators?: buy this game.
You should buy this game, NOW.
Posted: January 8, 2023
I can finally live my dream of committing felony-level traffic violations
Posted: February 2
The sudden change in traffic light turned me into a mass killer (No survivors)
Posted: December 17, 2016
What if you awoke one morning to find yourself inside a truck? What if you woke up in that truck and from that moment on you were never hungry again? Well sure, that would be interesting, but, you'd still want to eat, right? You might reach for the handle to let yourself out of the truck, but the door doesn't open. You try the other door with similar results. One day you woke up inside a truck, and now that truck is your home, your prison for the rest of your life. The truck will be your tomb when you die. How would you react to that fate? Would you panic? Would you go mad? Would you run the truck off a cliff, would you rather die than endure that grim reality? Would you risk Hell to escape Arizona? Or would you go to work?
American Truck Simulator tells the tale of a person trapped inside a truck, which is itself trapped in the southwestern United States. You may drive anywhere you wish, but you may never exit your truck. There is an option to work jobs carrying freight around to earn money, although all this money can be used for is buying more trucks and garages. You can't buy food. You can't go out on a date with someone. You can't sleep in a bed. You can't speak to your family. You can't signal for help. Your only means of interacting with the world outside the cabin of your truck is by driving and moving things from one place to another. The more you drive, the more the desert landscape begins to resemble an alien world. As far as you're concerned, Nevada may as well be Mars. It might be just outside your window but you'll never be able to set foot on that dusty orange soil. You belong to the truck now. You're just a part of the truck. You can't remember the taste of food, but the truck keeps you alive, somehow. And every time you stop for gas, every gas station taunts you with its disgusting, mouth-watering gas station food. That food you will never taste again. That love you'll never see again. That life you'll never have again. The bell dings, the tank is full.
How long would you have to drive, before you forgot? How many miles of highway do you have to burn before you've burned away the person you used to be? Would you surrender to the truck? Would you be the best truck driver you could be? Would you build a trucking empire from the confines of your diesel-powered oubliette? Would you become a job provider, enriching the community for all the normal, regular people from whom you are now permanently isolated? Maybe they would even try to find a way to get you out of the truck. They wouldn't succeed, because the truck needs you now. The truck needed you so it could become alive. The truck lives through you. You are host to a giant, steel parasite, a mechanical macrovirus that can only live by stealing life from the living. And now that it is alive, it desires to persist. You couldn't drive off a cliff if you wanted to, because now, you don't want to. Now you are thinking for two, and one of you really just wants you to drive around and deliver freight. Now you wouldn't dream of driving off a cliff. And dream you do, though the truck may quell your hunger and thirst, it does not rob you of your need to sleep. The truck wants to dream, too.
The dreams are exciting and strange, frightening and exhilarating, but the details always escape your mind moments after you awake.
With each passing slumber, the memories of the life you used to have make you feel more alive than ever. Yes, you had a normal, mundane existence before the truck, because you are alive. The very thought that you are alive fills you with excitement. Alive, finally, ready to drive all over this beautiful country. Everything you see through your windshield looks new again, every color is brighter, richer, younger. This is life! There's a whole world out there, waiting to be discovered. There's folks out there, good, honest, American folks who need things transported, and you're the biomechanical lichenous organism that's going to do the job. Not for the glory, not for the money, but because you love your fellow American living things. If you had a way to communicate with your parents, you know they would be proud of you. Not just for being alive, but for being the best truck-driver symbiont you could be. Even so, they'll go the rest of their lives thinking that you were dead. Ironic, when this is the most alive you've ever felt! Ah, life. Life is just, better, in a truck.
Posted: August 16, 2023
Better then overwatch 2
Posted: February 24, 2021
It is the only game I play. I love it so much. Relaxing. Challenging. Fun. What more do you want in a game?
Posted: June 11, 2019
I love this game so much that i wish for an Australian/New Zealand Truck Simulator someday i'm from australia and would love if that was possible!
Posted: December 13, 2022
Product received for free
This game helped me to rule Truck driver off my future Jobs list
──────▄▌▐▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▌
───▄▄ █ WATCH OUT I'M DRIVING
███████▌█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▌
▀(@)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀(@)(@)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀(@)▀
Posted: November 12, 2019
I can't review ATS without comparing it to ETS2.
ATS is in many ways similar to ETS2. Both are truck simulators that do good job in representing the countries they are based in, with great truck models, nice environments with recognisable locations on the map, and a fun gameplay loop.
But ATS is more advanced than ETS2 in a lot of ways. ATS has more features overall and while some of them will get backported to ETS2 over time, ATS seems to be where SCS is trying out new ideas first.
The games' settings also make them feel quite different. Unlike Europe where cities are densely packed, difficult to navigate, and the only roads that aren't between dense urban areas are the winding mountain roads of the Alps and Italy, in ATS you drive in the USA, the country where cars are kings.
Roads are wide and you can spend in-game hours on lonely roads going through deserts or forests, without even a gas station to break up the monotony. In ETS2 you constantly have to be aware of turns and unexpected road diversions, but in ATS you can easily drive in a straight line for hours on end. The great scenery makes this work though, in 100+ hours ATS has never gotten boring for me.
If you just want to get any one truck sim game, I'd recommend ETS2 as it is the older game and has more content, and as a European it is the more recognisable for me. But if you are an American, or already own ETS2 and want something new and exciting, you really can't go wrong with ATS.
Posted: May 31, 2020
I have been playing this about a week now. Honest to say at this point I cant stop playing it. I'm 51 years old, never been a truck driver in real life. I Always wanted to drive them. This game has made my dreams come true.If your into truck gaming I highly recommend this game. I think it is realistic as your going to get. In other
words it is top notch!! Not to mention it has a cool radio you can listen to while driving with all your favorite stations. I'm currently at level 12, I have bought my own truck. In process of customizing it now. I have purchased all of the states to travel in. Awesome views to see. This is a very challenging game, be sure to keep an eye on your fuel, and rest, Watch out for your weigh scales also. Police will give violations for not coming to full stops at signs, If there's any game you want to put in your steam collection it is surely this game. It is also very relaxing driving down the road listening to the radio stations. It gives you that feeling that you could do it the rest of your life and not have to worry about anything but take care of your truck, drive,and make money. I've already made over 100000. I can see my self playing this game a long time. Also
I see people playing on twitch together in multiplayer mode off a mod or another server, they have cb radios
hanging up in there trucks also. As this is the beginning of my career I haven't arrived at that point in time.
All that being said, I hope this helped someone into buying this game and becoming an American Truck Driver for life into the PC Gaming World.
Posted: September 7, 2017
I've spent a lot of time playing this game and I don't know why. Maybe it's because it's a relaxing game. A nice easy game where you can just just sit back to enjoy the scenery, and deliver some cargo, or maybe it's because I just graduated from college, I'm a total failure, my life is in shambles, and the feeling of delivering a tank of ethanol to a gas station 600 miles away for a hefty payoff gives me an escape from the reality that I'll never amount to anything.
8/10. Fun game. Relaxing and good for killing time.
