Posted: June 28, 2023
You know how sometimes you're with the lads, then you tell them you're off to bed but you're actually playing that single-player game you're addicted to? This is that game.
Posted: December 2, 2023
Like Stardew Valley, but instead of grandpa, you do it for the Samuel L Jackson sushi chef and president of the Czech Republic capitain Cobra Pavel.
Posted: August 3, 2023
My wife said if this review gets 100 likes, I can name our son Dave.
Posted: June 4, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Wonderful game, I just wish they had asked before using me as a reference photo for the main character.
Posted: June 29, 2023
I stopped playing Zelda to play this
Posted: June 19, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
What an incredible game. Beautiful art style, addictive gameplay and relaxing music. Combining the diving/exploration component with the restaurant management works wonders. The devs are amazing and genuinely care about their game. Cannot recommend it enough.
Edit: 1.0 is epic
Posted: December 13, 2023
I didn't think this game would be something for me but i decided to try and oh boy I'm glad I did. Everyone should try this game. There is really not a single bad thing i could say about it.
> Pretty graphics.
> Charming characters.
> Good story.
> Amazing soundtrack.
> Fun gameplay that doesn't get boring and constantly introduces new mechanics.
> Pleasing scenery.
> Beautiful pixel-art animations.
> You can learn stuff about the underwater life (most of the stuff is accurate to real life).
My personal Game Of The Year.
Posted: February 21, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Reminds me of mid 2000s flash games. You got a cooking game, a diving/exploration game and you get to upgrade your stuff as you go along. If this were on ArmorGames back in the day, my parents would never have gotten me to stop.
Posted: October 1, 2023
God Tier Game:
- Non-Stressful Restaurant Sim
- Fishing
- Boss Battles
- Farming
- Pirates
- Collectible Cards
- Collectible Creatures
- Tamogatchi Sim
- Running/Jump Game
- Weeb Gunsmith
- Samurai Mermaids
- Mechs
- Feedable cats and nameable chickens
This game has EVERYTHING. BUY IT AT FULL PRICE. We need a Dave the Diver movie with Jack Black as Dave.
Posted: July 25, 2023
It creates an addiction at the level of Cult Of The Lamb and Loop Hero. I think I will continue to give my hours for a long time I definitely recommend it. Also, after starting this game, I bought fins and mask and started diving.
Posted: August 11, 2023
I’m a game developer and I’m overwhelmed with how toxic the industry has become in the last 10 years due to greed and venture capital. Games have transformed from actual toys to play and have fun to machines for juicing and parasiting on users’ addictions and cravings.
In that context of our society, Dave The Diver is an amazing relief and gives me back my inner child passion to get back to making videogames that really are fun to play, to make an art form with love, to make content just for the sake of telling a good interactive story, to give a nice moment to people.
This game is a 10/10. It never stops giving you new content and new core mechanics even in the late game. The game has lots of minigames to solve, and when you thought you’ve seen and perfected all the core mechanics, suddenly a new map, town, or challenge is unlocked with completely new mechanics to learn and master. It doesn’t recycle too much, it doesn’t take the easy path, its development demonstrates what is really possible when you make something with love and real effort and not just for an easy cash grab.
I want more games like this. I want to make games like this. Not a single lootbox in sight. Not a single child becoming a gambler as an adult.
Posted: November 13, 2023
Every dive is a test of your ability. Every night is one more result of your pursuit of culinary arts.
Dave the Diver is a perfect game.
This is the second game I have ever sought the achievements for. The first being Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night. But I told myself that I would be fair to the games I have played by getting all of their achievements if I truly love the game. And you can assured that this review will sing nothing but praise of Dave... and his diving.
Let's talk about story: You play as a large fellow named Dave. He is a diver, and he has approached by an old acquaintance named Cobra who sells him on the idea of getting Sushi, only to be met with the cold and studious Bancho, a disgraced Sushi chef who recently came back into the Food World. The goal? To make the best sushi in the world from the fish that can be found in the Blue Hole, a wondrous, ever changing undersea phenomenon rife with a diverse and colorful ecosystem. Your job, as Dave... the Diver... Is to dive into the Blue Hole and collect the ingredients Bancho needs to perfect his craft.
Along the way of becoming the best Sushi restaurant, you meet an amazing slew of characters from Bancho's old boss, to a washed up farmer, to an overenthusiastic archaeologist, to a weeb obsessed with making special equipment. You meet them, you dine them, they, in turn, help you and Bancho. And along the way, you find out the mystery of the very recent and violent earthquakes. The game does a fantastic job of portraying all of the side characters, and their quirky pixel by pixel animated cutscenes will always floor you. It's always a highlight to watch.
The gameplay itself is a mysterious one: You spend the morning and the afternoon diving for fish. And in the evening, you open your restaurant for the rest of the night. By morning, you start the cycle again. The game paces you out by giving you minimal diving tools to catch fish. Initially, armed only with a knife, and a harpoon gun. As you progress, you gain access to more tools, more guns, more things to grab more fish. You're also met with various minigames that open up new parts of the Blue Hole. For how repetitive the cycle of diving is, somehow, you are never bored. It's always one more dive. And the developers were super smart to change up the gameplay in many ways to keep your attention in bite-sized portions, but allow you the freedom of staying in the water, until you're full, or as long as you want. However, the challenges of the violent undersea fauna will prove to be your biggest obstacles in obtaining your menu for the day. Once you kill them, it's a success. Once you capture them, you're overjoyed in how much you've collected!
There are bosses; they're not hard, but they're not easy either. And the game allows you to try as many times as you need without needlessly shoving you back to the surface should you fail. Although, you do have the choice. The game isn't needlessly cruel, and ultimately it wants you to come back and feel like you have a chance.
Don't wanna dive 'cause you wanna do other things? Do it! Skip the night! I'll also want to say, DO NOT feel like you're going to miss things permanently. There's only one thing that I think is missable, and it's an achievement for an easter egg. The game allows you to take your time, and as long as you need, even if you miss certain events, they'll come back. Don't worry!
The otherside of this is the night time portion of the game, Bancho's Sushi. You are the manager of this establishment, as Bancho leads the kitchen. Your job is to not only gather the ingredients, but to serve your customers, refill the wasabi, manage and hire new people, train them, and also spend your hard earned gold in whatever way you see fit. The better you perform in your restaurant, the more you can afford for upgrades, training, new dishes, new interior, to the point where you'll try to find ways to automate the night. No man is an island, and Dave and Bancho cannot run this restaurant by themselves! I thoroughly enjoyed this moment in the game, because it allows you to see the fruits of your labor.
You also gain new ways to source your ingredients as you open a fish farm, and eventually land farming! Your cycles will continue to optimize as you keep playing and enjoying yourself.
The music is superb, and perhaps it's the only place where I feel like it's not done enough justice. The game's soundtrack is so good, and full. Bordering on mystifying, to relaxing, to action packed.. And the game allows you to play the soundtracks on your phone, as you find them. What it DOESN'T do, is let you play the music anywhere in the game. And I think that's criminal, because there are so many good tracks. You'll be hooked on every beat and theme. The sound design is also a great area where this game shines, due to the sound of moving through the water, the sound of your harpoon hooking, the funny babbles of the NPCs as they speak nonsense, but you get it!! (My favorite noise being Dr. Bacon when he's flailing his hands in excitement. Or Dave when he's disappointed.)
So not only did I learn all about sushi, but I learned a lot about marine wildlife and the different biomes in which a lot of these fish live in. Yeah, I totally served Narwahl to my guests, but I learned about their majesty, I learned the cruelty of the sea, but this game also let me ride on a beluga, pet them, and save a manatee. This game is simply a joy.
Honestly, the real reason I'm writing this is because the game happens so fast. This game is so good. It's just about a perfect game with so much heart in it, you can hardly put the controller down. If you had ANY doubts, dispel them.
Put on your wet suit and dive. GOODBYE-TERNITY⭐
(Side note: I may have a huge crush on Dave in general. What a cutie!)
Posted: July 10, 2023
Dr. Bacon rewarded me with a bottle of olive oil for discovering mysterious ancient sea people.
Posted: October 28, 2023
This is a vacation from games.
Usually KBM but for Dave? Grab a controller, put your feet up and just chill.....
Posted: March 3, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The trailers do a good job of explaining what the core gameplay loop will be. Dive into the ocean collecting fish, turn that fish into sushi to use at the restaurant where customers pay you money, turn the money into upgrades, go back to diving with better gear, rinse and repeat.
What may not come across quite as strongly is how well paced and soothing everything is. Diving around for fish does have moments of punctuated panic where you're trying to expertly dodge sharks, or land shots with your harpoon gun to reel in that particularly agile fish you've been hunting; but the vast majority of the time is simply exploring the ever-changing cove and gently floating alongside the local marine life.
The jumps between the panic and the breezy bits is really well done. The restaurant management makes for a nice change of pace between your dives and the additional layers that come later (I'll refrain from mentioning the other things you'll visit/ manage later in the game) mean that even after 16 hours; I was still finding new directions that the game would go in.
There's not a lot more to say than that. The animations are delightful, the characters and the dialogue is funny, and the gameplay hits the note between panic and relaxation really well. I'd heartily recommend Dave the Diver and I'm looking forward to where else this game goes once it's out of early access.
Posted: December 9, 2023
Yup, This Is Peak Of Work-sim/Two-in-one Game.
At first I was skeptical about this game, wondering why did Dave The Diver blow up while others of same genre didn't? Well, now I can certainly say I understand everything now. The strong core gameplay loop accompanied with the sheer amount of features and events easily make the game charming and fun. Things don't stop there. The story and the characters are oozing with personality. The humorous cut-scenes, various events to spice up the restaurant-managing experience, and a ton of mini games sprinkled over each quests and regions, all packaged up together in this lovely pixelated "indie" darling. It is no wonder that Dave The Diver receives such an overwhelmingly positive review. I would go even further and say that it is one of the best in the work-sim/two-in-one genre. It would be really hard to topple this giant. I cannot recommend Dave The Diver enough.
Things I Like About Dave The Diver:
1. Looting Before Fishing
Like every other working-simulators, you always need to start from scratch and gather as much resources as possible. However, Dave The Diver does things a little differently. Scattering around the ocean floor are various boxes. Inside each boxes contain equipments that are slightly stronger than your basic one(they will break when you leave the water), so it is always better to loot the boxes first before you fish. This small design not only incentivizes players to explore ocean more thoroughly, it also offers a great benefit to them. Because of these limited but better equipments, players are in no urgency to dump all the coins into upgrading their gears. Thus, they can have some leeway how to spend their money, either hiring and training better staff or expanding the farms.
2. The Sheer Amount Of Content
Wow, where do I even begin? Dave The Diver has so much things to do: fishing(obviously), scavenging, taking photos(though not freely), exploring, fighting giant creatures, chasing things, being chased by other things, managing a restaurant, hiring staves for higher quality, serving drinks and sushi, decorating, assisting chef contests, helping the VIP quests, feeding cat, stealthily following said cat, fish-farming, farming(actually), keeping chickens, keeping a virtual pet, playing music game, browsing through the game's equivalent of IG, helping the local marine magazine, playing in an underwater casino, seahorse-racing, riding a pink beluga, resisting the urge to shove the grenade launcher up a certain sea person's rear, stealthily avoiding zombie sea people, infiltrating a secret base, sling shooting a turtle, playing It Takes Two on your own, fighting a fanatic multiple times, shooting missiles at a giant ancient sea creature, arcade-shooting, the list goes on and on.
3. Other Compliments
→Lovely pixelated art style.
→Very catchy tunes.
→Some scenes in the game are magnificent.
→The icon of each dish looks tasty.
→Weapons have various upgrade path.
→Each employee has a unique Cooksta post.
Things I Dislike About Dave The Diver:
1. Not Enough Randomized Layout
The first time I saw them in-game dialogue describing Blue Hole as ever-changing, I was expecting the layout would be randomized. I was disappointed to find out that the scale of randomization is way too small. In my play through it is always the same three terrains(a ravine, a plain, and a corral cliff) for the first area. There's actually a fourth one, kelp forest, but for some reason it never spawn over two times for me in an in-game month. The situation does not improve since the second and the third region barely randomized at all. I think I know the reason behind this. In order to keep the important areas easy to reach, the layout cannot be randomized too drastically or else the players would have a hard time finding the right place before emptying the oxygen tank. I wish after the main story concluded, the game could generate more interesting or dare I say, chaotic layout to make repeated runs more refreshing.
2. Other Complaints
→Melee weapons and Hook should also have crafting and upgrading menu.
→Not enough interesting charms to play around.
→Why does it cost so much to max out a staff's level?
→I wish you could re-fight the bosses to get more of their meats.
中文小簡評
→這大概是最頂的工作模擬/二合一遊戲。
→起初我還滿疑惑這遊戲為何會這麼紅，整體看起來和其他同類型沒啥兩樣，等我親自玩了之後才逐漸了解。\
→極讚的點陣圖和好聽的音樂。
→海底場景描繪得非常壯麗。
→令人上癮的玩法，配上多采多姿的特色和小遊戲，讓人愛不釋手。
→有趣的故事、風趣的動畫、非常有個性的NPC、多樣的任務，新鮮度不減反增。
→值得一提，Dave The Diver的每一輪工作有個小巧思：玩家可以先搜刮散落海床的武器箱再開始捕魚，因為這些裝備等級肯定會比初始裝備好，玩家不只能更有效率的抓魚，也無需急著升級武器和裝備，能夠將錢運用在其他地方。
→料理的圖標看起來很好吃
→武器有多樣升級。
→遊戲內有類IG的應用程式，可以看看客戶和主廚的PO文。
→或許是為了確保重要地區生成固定，地圖隨機生成的幅度不大。
→近戰武器和魚叉應該要有各自的製造升級路線。
→護符數量過少，特別的護符也不多。
→員工升滿級所需的錢真的太多了....
→希望Boss可以重打刷食材。
Posted: June 5, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
As a very, very picky gamer, Dave the Diver absolutely HITS. Well made and loaded with content. Every time I reach a place in this game where it feels like I've done just about everything, more new content shows up. It's actually the biggest dopamine hit I've gotten from a game in ages. There's just always something new/more to do. And to think this isn't even the full release yet.. Highly recommended
Full Release Edit: Yeah it somehow just got 10x better
Posted: June 28, 2023
I love it, you can play at your own pace, theres no pressure whatsoever, this makes it the perfect relaxing game filled with mini games, exploration, a nice story, and light rpg elements (upgrading items/sushi bar etc). Its an addictive game, with a relaxing and fun atmosphere in wich you can sink many hours.
Posted: December 15, 2023
Foreword: I do not really write reviews but I felt compelled to do so here:
I have lost that positive and exciting glow that video games exuded... that feeling that once held me captivated; especially when I was younger. Somewhere between all the discourse that floods the gaming industry (I could go on and on here): unfulfilled promises from AAA publishers/studios, incomplete games that are listed full price, nearly all multiplayer based games switching to a "battle-pass" or other form of paid live service; or outrightly lying to consumers, my faith for gaming has rotten into cynicism and resentment.
This game, however, made me forget all of that negativity and laziness (gift-wrapped-inside-of-greed.) It's really entirely unique in what it sets out to accomplish. I've played many other ocean-esque style games, or store/tavern/farm type simulators that have partial RPG undertones. This game, takes the funnest parts of those genres and collaborates them into something really different and new and I seriously cannot get enough of it.
It does this consistently and seems to always deliver something new each time you complete a day-cycle in-game, and at some points almost too much where I felt only slightly overwhelmed (not in a bad way.) Any time that a thought, like "this is great but if they added this..." crossed my mind, it delivered it (so far I've counted around five or six times.) The story had depth and is interesting and is also consistently building on-itself throughout your play-thru. What is this, feelings? In a game? Is this hope I smell?
All of the content that it offers as you progress comes at the perfect moment and makes you feel like your accomplishing something. There are some redundancies, like with any other game; however, I never found myself bored doing the more minuscule or repetitious tasks/chores: like collecting the same kind of fish a bunch of times, or finding weapons in sunken chests 3(?) times so that you can unlock it to construct, or going back to some really deep depth to catch another species you missed. My favorite of these simply involves feeding a cat (its worth it, trust me.)
I really could just go on and on, but I digress. Just play it. Give it a shot and I'm sure you will be pleasantly surprised and find yourself quickly sucked into the world and all that it has to offer, and it's a lot. It gives you so much for the price its listed at and its on sale, so... yeah. Also, I would love to talk about all the mechanics and what you can do in the game, but I feel they're wrapped around too many spoilers, and part of the fun is just going in blind and feeling that spark that I was talking about before. I can honestly say I'm smitten by this game and if I had to pick a favorite of 2023, this would be it... and I've played just about every AAA title that's come out thus far. None of those have kept me as engaged.
Thank you Mintrocket, I look forward to finishing this and playing the DLC. Thanks for restoring a portion of my hope in that: some people in this industry still care about play-ability, consistency and story. This has felt quite complete so far constantly keeps giving and I really look forward to completing it, but will likely be sad when I do.
Posted: February 29
Dave the Diver is a simple game about fishing and running a restaurant.
At least, until you get further in the story. Greenpeace-style eco-terrorists, alien creatures, absurd celebrities... yet somehow, it all remains a cohesive whole.
Dave the Diver is a unique experience everyone should try.
Posted: October 15, 2023
"Just one more dive..."
I bought this game completely on a whim because I kept seeing it advertised everywhere and saw all the glowing reviews. I went in blind, not knowing much besides "catch fish during day, sell them at night." I was expecting something with a very simple concept like Moonlighter but I was pleased to see it's much more than that and there's a lot to unpack here and so much to enjoy. There's a lot I personally love about the game.
- The addictive gameplay of filling out essentially a fish pokedex (like animal crossing)
- The satisfying loop of catching a bunch of fish, selling them at the restaurant you manage, and using the money to upgrade Dave's diving equipment so you can progress further, deal more damage, upgrade oxygen tank, etc.
- Wonderful soundtrack. It's got tense scores during boss fights to just more relaxing chill music while on a peaceful dive, and I'm someone who almost never pays attention to the soundtrack in games.
- Even many hours in I was pleased to still be unlocking new content (for example, a farm to grow more crops for your dishes)
- Some of the random minigames are so much fun. I wasn't expecting to suddenly have to play a rhythm minigame sequence as Duff, the anime loving neckbeard who provides Dave with weapon upgrades, but it gave me a good laugh and just shook up the gameplay a bit.
- All the characters are so charming, even smaller characters are so fleshed out, such as a rapper named MC Sammy who has a popular song called "Hot Pepper Tuna"
This is one of those games where it's very clear where all the hype comes from once you play it. I can't recommend it enough.

Posted: December 12, 2023
It good. You play now.
Posted: June 28, 2023
Imagine Paying $250k to see the bottom of the ocean when instead you could of just bought this.
Posted: December 17, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
You can use a golf club to beat jellyfish to death and the ecological society will reward you. You can use a katana to kill a shark and then serve its entire head to your customers. Game of the year.
Posted: July 23, 2023
I don't know if you can tell by my hours, but I love this game. I've been spending so much time jamming to it's music, finding fish to level my sushi recipes and other stuff!
It's funny, pretty and the story is super easy. Some of the boss fights are hard until you figure things out. I have found that some of the quests will come back around, so if you don't succeed at them you can try again another time.
10/10, this is a blast.
Posted: July 14, 2023
>Subnautica
"We don't want guns in our game because we want players to respect the beautiful ocean"
>Chad Dave the Diver
"You wanna hunt Tuna with an M32 Grenade Launcher? Go for it King"
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠛⠛⠋⠉⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠛⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⢏⣴⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣟⣾⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⢢⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠀⡴⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣿⣿⠟⠻⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠶⢴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣁⡀⠀⠀⢰⢠⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠀⣴⣶⣿⡄⣿
⣿⡋⠀⠀⠀⠎⢸⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⢘⣿⣟⠛⠿⣼
⣿⣿⠋⢀⡌⢰⣿⡿⢿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⣿⣧⢀⣼
⣿⣿⣷⢻⠄⠘⠛⠋⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣧⠈⠉⠙⠛⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣧⠀⠈⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢃⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⡿⠀⠴⢗⣠⣤⣴⡶⠶⠖⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡸⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⡀⢠⣾⣿⠏⠀⠠⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠉⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣧⠈⢹⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠈⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣿⡟⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠁⠀⠀⠹⣿⠃⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢐⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠉⠉⠁⠀⢻⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠈⣿⣿⡿⠉⠛⠛⠛⠉⠉
⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⡴⣸⣿⣇⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡿⠄⠙⠛⠀⣀⣠⣤⣤⠄
Posted: November 23, 2023
As everyone else have been saying, I'm sure.....the game is nice and chill with a lot of different minigames and various quests. Best part (as a person that doesn't normally play platformers and such) is that you don't have to fight most of the bosses...if you don't want to fight the big crab you don't have to...same with the white shark and so on.
I've always loved games about selling stuff, tycoon games and games like Recettear so this was right up my alley....never liked underwater games though....but in first person that is, this game has a lovely sidescroller view where underwater enemies doesn't freak me out =p
Also, for the graphic style I have to say that it's a beautiful game
Posted: June 9, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
awesome gameplay, mini game galore(you will not and can not guess what kind of uniquely weird shenanigan going to happen next), unbelievable addicting and satisfying catch and profit loop. spear fishing trip swapped with base building gameplay and countless mission just so good
too few non fish creature tho, hope there more crab, shellfish and lobster to catch. also more non shark enemy, almost every mini boss are shark, should have sailfish or something like that too.
Posted: August 1, 2023
Overhelmingly positive should be right for this game.
It's not too hard, it's fun and it's addictive. O! And it made me laugh out loud several times because of the characters and the story. It's over the top. Beside all of that the diving is very relaxing and the game doesn't hurry you up so you can make sushi and sell it at your own tempo and upgrade your stuff before you want to go deeper into the story. The upgrades are great and realy help you along deeper/diving into the game. Yep, Dave hit several of my game spots. I really like Sushi by the way.
Posted: September 3, 2023
Product received for free
Dave the Diver is an extremely diverse, distinctive, and captivating adventure RPG. It does not stick to a specific genre and has constant surprises for players. I have never played anything even remotely similar and am blown away at the amount of interesting concepts jumbled masterfully together to create the memorable experience that is, Dave the Diver. This astonishing Indie is well deserving of its “overwhelmingly positive” rating here on Steam and I am ecstatic to see it rightfully receiving its success and well-deserved recognition.
Pros
Constant new content to learn & discover that regularly evolves
Extremely addictive & distinctive gameplay loop
Immense attention to detail
Brilliant pacing and delivery of new concepts
Quirky pixel art
Comedic dialogue
Cons
Prolonged loading screens
Minor mechanics not fully explained
If you would like to see more reviews written by me, please follow my curator page and help support my work Cookie Reviews.
Story
You play as Dave, and you guessed it, he is a diver. Dave begins diving in the “blue hole” which is a marine biological hotspot that provides habitat to a diverse range of aquatic life. Dave dives and collects marine life to be used in the accompanying sushi shop. Dave soon finds himself entangled in the mystery of a long-forgotten “sea people” civilisation and will use his diving skills to discover more about them and help various other characters along the way.
Whilst there is a strong narrative in the game, the characters are all so lovingly wacky. From the Anime-girl-obsessed-gun-making nerd, to the stoic sushi chef, or the vegetable loving rapper. Despite the crazy characters, there are fantastic foundations for each of them and I adored them all.
DAVE THE DIVER 
A Screenshot of DAVE THE DIVER
By: Mz Cookies
Gameplay: Brief synopsis
As aforementioned, I have never played a game with as much variation as Dave the Diver, but I will attempt to explain the core gameplay. During the day, Dave is able to dive into the ocean, explore it, collect fish via various methods, pick up objects, complete quests etc. At night, the sushi bar opens and he will help serve there. This means typical Cooking Dash style gameplay, running around clicking on food and taking it to the customer and serving drinks. Have to be quick though, as customers do not have high patience levels. Dave will earn money after each sushi serving shift and this can then be used on upgrades and many other things. The games pacing is absolutely fantastic despite the enormous amount of extra content that gets added later, things are introduced slowly and are generally easy to understand. Perhaps the biggest downfall about this game is the lie I would tell myself after playing until the early hours of the morning, saying “one more dive, then I will go to bed.” Definitely not.
Diving
In the beginning, Dave can only dive to limited depths and has restricted cargo capacity. These will increase as different elements are upgraded such as oxygen tank capacity etc. Dave can hunt fish via a variety of methods, using a harpoon to manually pull fish in, or various guns and tools. Everything can be upgraded and there are also different types that can be added such as incendiary, poison or tranquiliser. Bigger fish such as sharks require more effort and stronger guns, and sometimes quick time events will trigger where a button must be mashed to pull in a fish. While diving, Dave must be careful of his oxygen levels as if it runs out, he will need to be rescued resulting in everything in his inventory being lost except 1 item. Oxygen also acts as his health, and if hurt by other fishes or the environment, his oxygen levels will quickly deplete. There are lots of goodies to be found in exploration that can be used in crafting and also includes plenty of oxygen spots to refuel. As the game progresses, players will have access to further locations such as glacier waters, caves and of course, the deep sea. Each area has unique fish to be discovered, with over 200 to find in total.
DAVE THE DIVER 
A Screenshot of DAVE THE DIVER
By: Mz Cookies
Combat
There is a decent amount of combat in the game, including many boss fights. The boss fights are all exceptionally different and vary in difficulty. As said earlier, guns can be crafted and upgraded to help in the battles. Specific fish will also automatically target Dave if he gets close and these first encounters can actually be quite scary, specifically with the large sharks!
Cooking
Further to the basic Cooking Dash style mechanics, the menu must be selected daily based off the fish Dave brings back from his adventures. Recipes must be researched, additional staff can be hired, décor can be purchased and later in the game, even a second branch of the shop can be opened and managed. Each dish is priced differently, usually depending on rarity and can be upgraded with special items to increase its value and “tastiness”. This variation from diving to serving was absolutely phenomenal and kept me addicted from the get-go.
Extras
I cannot possibly describe everything in this game as there is just too much, and it constantly switches genre. However, some of the highlights include having a fish farm, VIP visits, cooking competitions, rhythm mini games, managing a vegetable farm, side quests, taking photos of wildlife, chase sequences, puzzles, unique segments controlling two characters at once, riding a beluga whale, tranquilising large sharks and using a drone to transport them back to the fish farm and so, so much more. The game can easily be continued after completing the story and there is enough in management style mechanics to keep you busy for hundreds of hours. From collecting all of the fish, to running a successful fish and vegetable farm, to operating and managing your sushi employees and second branch. No two dives are the same.
Visuals & Sound
Dave the Diver is visually stunning, utilising a combination of pixel art with 2D/3D art to create a beautiful oceanic environment brimming with aquatic life. Seeing whales, turtles and manta rays created a sense of awe within me. A testament to the efficacy of the gorgeous environment.
DAVE THE DIVER 
A Screenshot of DAVE THE DIVER
By: Mz Cookies
The soundtrack is casual yet addictive, giving a laidback beach vibe, but ramping up the stress during fast-paced sequences. Characters are not voiced, but speak in a robotic monotone voice that at first I didn’t like, but it grew on me shortly after.
Technical & Stats
This game was played using a keyboard & mouse, and with the following PC specs.:
AMD Ryzen R5 7600x 5.4 GHz
32GB DDR5 5200 CL36 RAM
Radeon RX 6800 XT
2560x1440 resolution
NVMe 3.0 SSD
Windows 10
Playtime: 22-25 hours to complete the story. 50+ hours for completionists, or plenty of additional content to enjoy after finishing the game.
Controller Recommended? Player choice
Conclusion
Dave the Diver is an experience that I will hardly forget and is well deserving of its many accolades. It is almost unbelievable that developers managed to pack this much content into one Indie game and make it not only coherent, but brilliant. From a quirky story, an extremely addictive gameplay loop to new engaging mechanics introduced throughout the entirety of the game, there is an abundance to love and I highly recommend it at its bargain full price cost of only $AU29.99.
Follow our curator page, IndieGems if you enjoyed this review and wish to see more like it
Posted: September 20, 2023
Never in my life did I think pixel art sushi would look so appealing
Posted: December 10, 2023
I bought this game 11 hours ago.
Posted: December 27, 2023
World’s most athletic fat guy simulator
Posted: August 15, 2023
Dave the Diver is A LOT of things and it's not shocking how all the reviews are OVERWHELMINGLY positive.
You hunt and photograph fish, farm fish and food, unravel mysteries deep underwater, and help run a sushi restaurant. While it all sounds like a lot, it honestly is pretty well balanced. I was surprised just how much content was in the game, especially with it being a $20 indie game.
The basis of the game and the controls were very simple to understand, yet the game still had a lot of depth to it. The music was amazing and complemented the gameplay really well. The visuals and graphics were full of detail and looked beautiful even for being a pixel-like style.
The characters and the cut-scenes are THE BEST PART in my opinion. From an anime-obsessed gun maker to cooking competitions between chefs, the cut-scenes are just *chefs kiss.* I took so many screenshots because of dumb, funny, or cool visuals.
There was also an assortment of boss fights and underwater puzzles that kept the game interesting. There are a ton of different weapons to craft and also a bunch of unique weapons you can find while exploring!
I cannot stress enough just how much stuff is packed into this little game.
Few small things I didn't like:
- The mouse icon isn't at all themed towards the game. While this sounds like something so minimal (and it is tbh), it sticks out like a sore thumb compared to all of the amazing art and details that the game has.
- There weren't a lot of graphic settings. I kept getting some tearing and unfortunately, there was no vsync option. You can basically only change the resolution. Not a huge deal but having options is always nice.
- For how much content is in the game, it can feel a bit repetitive at times. It's a constant gameplay loop of checking all your farms, diving, running the restaurant, etc that eventually gave me burnout but that may have just been because I was 100%ing the game.
It probably took me around 30hrs to beat and 57hrs to 100%.
I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes adventure and restaurant management games/sims. It's a great game to just relax and chill out on.
Posted: November 29, 2023
Dave the Diver
Dave the Diver is a casual adventure game that focuses on diving in the ocean and catching fish whilst having some light RPG elements to it.
Story
The player jumps into the role of Dave who has to supply his sushi restaurant with fish during the day and sells the freshly caught fish as sushi by night.
During each dive you are tasked to find a few things or you encounter side quests while following the main quest that leads the player deeper and deeper into the ocean of the Blue Hole.
Personal Note
The gameplay loop of diving during the day and selling sushi by night is pretty simple, but soon after your first handful of dives the gameplay loop changes a bit – sure, you still need to dive and catch fish to ensure that your sushi restaurant runs well, but you will encounter bosses and challenges ahead that makes the game a bit harder.
The progression system in the game feels natural since you unlock more gadgets and recipes by following the main story and by simply playing the game, without feeling the need to grind to get certain gadgets or upgrades.
I personally wasn’t sure if I would enjoy playing the game at first and saw a Streamer play it and I bought it soon after.
Dave the Diver has something unique to it: The cutscenes are amazing, the references to other things are good, the gameplay loop is simple but rewarding and most importantly: It’s a fun game and certainly one of the more surprising releases of 2023 (if you consider that it was available in early access at the end of 2022).
Rating
Pros
Nice story and good humor
Good graphics and aesthetics
Chill soundtrack
Unique-ish concept
Usually well-made boss fights
Cons
Keyboard controls can be a bit iffy
Some bosses can be a bit though
Conclusion
Dave the Diver is a game that just keeps on giving, which is rare in 2023.
For 20€ you will get a game that offers you a story with good humor, interesting & quirky characters, decent gameplay and just overall a game that is a good vibe.
So, is Dave the Diver worth to get? Yeah certainly. You get a lot of value for your 20€, especially if you like casual adventure games that have some light Stardew Valley elements to it.
8.7 / 10
“Hehe, Dave … in our language, your name sounds very similar to “broken toilet lid.” ” - Suwam
If you found this review helpful, feel free to visit my curator page.
Posted: August 24, 2023
I love Dave.
Posted: October 25, 2023
The game is surprisingly awesome and addictive, loved the humor as well. I think it's very enjoyable for anyone who is down for a chill game with a solid gameplay loop. They keep it fresh by introducing lots of new systems and mini games throughout the story. Lost track of time while playing it.
Posted: January 26
🐟 DAVID THE DIVER 🤿
Let me start this off by saying that I was never fully expecting to love this game as much as I did. This game provided so many laughs for me, and almost a tear was shed at the end just because I loved the sheer experience that this game created for me. I feel like no game will be able to replicate the feeling I had for Dave the Diver. 
Dave the Diver can be whatever game you want it to be; it contains something for every kind of player. Do you want to chill and just catch fish? Do it. Want to collect blueprints and make different weapons to kill sharks with? Do it. Do you want to manage a sushi restaurant? Do it. Want to collect fish, Pokemon style? Do it! The game is what you make of it.
I adored this game from start to finish. The countless activities to participate in overwhelmed me in the best way possible and kept surprising me with how many mini-games and endless content there are, separate from the main story. I'll talk a little bit about the mini-games, but if you don't want spoilers, don't hover over this next bit of text! 
The cutscenes were possibly one of my favorite bits about this entire game. Every cut scene left me smiling, laughing my ass off, or taken aback at how pretty they were—sometimes all three of these feelings simultaneously. It definitely feels like a lot of work went into the cutscenes, and it provided such a unique experience for the player. I'm not even kidding; one cutscene had me f***ing dying laughing.
There are numerous collectibles throughout the game, even a pokemon-esque mini game where you collect one of every fish in every 'zone'. It's actually kind of hard to complete; some fish are hard to find! Eventually, you even get to collect special, unique fish for someone. These fish are super rare, and some are pretty difficult to catch as they will require certain weapons to capture them. But I've found collecting them to be particularly fun and challenging! If you're an achievement hunter, this would be a great game to add to your list, as it's not too easy but still challenging to 100%. As far as replayability, Dave the Diver does hold replay value for certain scenes or achievements if you failed them the first go around, but most achievements are obtainable through your first playthrough; there aren't multiple endings to work towards.
All in all, do I recommend this game? Absolutely, 1000 times yes. It gave me such a beautiful experience that I was not fully expecting when first playing this game, and I'm so glad that I completed this game. I definitely plan on going back and trying to 100% it; you can continue your playthrough after you finish the game, which is really nice for achievement hunters and for anyone who just wants to keep playing. Anyway, thanks for reading. I hope this helps if you were on the fence about purchasing. Have a fantastic day. ❤️
Rating: 10/10
⭐ While you're here, why don't you follow me on my Steam Curator page? 🥰
💖 I also stream these games on Twitch if you ever want to catch me live! 💖[www.twitch.tv]
Posted: July 16, 2023
This game got me through a really dark place in my life. I lost my job, spouse, and home in less than a year. I would chop wood and fish when I couldn't find the energy to do anything else and fall asleep on the couch listening to the background music. But when I played Dave the Diver first time, my whole life changed. The little successes I had were the catalyst I needed to think maybe I could have little successes again in life, too. Highly recommend. Thank you for making this game.
Posted: November 7, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
After 40 hours, and 100% completing this early access game, I can say that it's one of the most fun I've played. I keep playing even though there is nothing left to do, and there is no more fish to catch because it is still enjoyable after. My life feels so meaningless now, I eat sushi in the darkness and play the same overpriced FPS in hopes that the full game releases soon.
Amazing ! 5 stars ! 10/10 !

Posted: October 27, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Im 5.5 hours in so far and this game is really great! The art style is fantastic, the cut scenes have an afro samurai vibe which looks incredible. The game play is well balanced with a great mix of mini games and story quests which break up the main gameplay of supplying the sushi restaurant with fresh fish. The story has me hooked (ha). The game feels very polished and finished despite it just releasing in early access which is refreshing compared to other early access games on steam. My only complaint is I wish the game had ultra wide support. But that is a very very minor complaint.
Posted: March 8, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
You may think this game is just diving, catching fish and running a sushi restaurant but its not. Its so much more than that. Its an EXPERIENCE with surprises around every corner. This game combines different elements that somehow seamlessly fit and makes sense.
Its management, fun storytelling, satisfying & addictive gameplay, boss battles, collecting, mini-games, upgrading, exploration, relaxing & sometimes terrifying combat. Not to mention the stunning combination of 2D & 3D pixel art.
An absolute GEM made with immaculate detail & love.
Posted: January 8, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is a very cute, addictive, and stylish game with a lot of potential. My only complaint is that progression in this game seemed too quick for a restaurant management game. With the gameplay loop being as satisfying as it is, I think the game would benefit from slower progression, allowing the players to just relax, explore, and enjoy their time working towards the growth of their restaurant. Slowing the progression of the game down, coupled with enhancements to the procedural generation of the game so that it feels more varied on each dive, I would very much like to see.
Overall, this game has a lot of potential. I fell in love with the gameplay, design, music, and style. I just wish that progression was slower so that I could spend more time just diving, cooking, and managing my business.
Posted: September 8, 2023
This better get DAVE of the year.
Posted: November 10, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game works perfectly on Steamdeck.
Posted: March 16, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Found a jar of mayonnaise 60m under the sea
Posted: September 22, 2023
Loved it. I am almost to scared to finish it cause then what? What do I play next that will compare?
Super cool game.
Posted: March 4, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
every once a while a game like this come along and hitting all the perfect spots - awesome mechanics, story and gamplay!
Posted: November 13, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
These dives aren't gonna Dave themselves. Buy the game.
Posted: March 1
It's a good game that has a lot of charm and personality. I like the tone, setting, soundtrack, characters etc. and it's all very visually pleasing with its art style. However the more i play it the more i realise it's not my type of game. The further i progress it's leaning more and more into the stardew valley sim type of gameplay. More and more fetch quests and it's starting to feel more grindy so i'm calling it quits but i absolutely loved the time i put into it though. I can recommend it to anyone whos a fan of management sim type games.
Posted: July 18, 2023
Hot Pepper Tuna...Hot Pepper Tuna...Hot Pepper Tuna...Hot Pepper Tuna? ♫
Posted: April 22, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I THOUGHT THIS GAME COULDN'T GET ANY MORE FUN, AND THEN I REALIZED IT WAS STILL ONLY IN EARLY ACCESS
Posted: March 17
In the approximately 15 years that I've been on steam with around 273 games in my library, I think this is the first time I've ever done a review. It is super chill and enjoyable. The story and characters are great. There's always a sense of getting better and evolving your various endeavors. It's also beautiful. I would highly recommend the Dredge crossover DLC, as its very good as well. It may be my most favorite game, despite the fact that I am usually drawn to RPG and shooter genres. This game absolutely slaps. 5 stars.
Posted: June 18, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Im surprised Devolver Digital didn't get hold of this one first. Delightful game.... Okay, fine. I haven't played it. My partner actually racked up the hours on this whilst Im playing TOTK. Here's her review as a new gamer:
- I can choose to avoid fighting if it's too hard
- I like finding new fish
- Sushi store is a welcome break and nice little mini-game
- Upgrading my equipment feels cool
- Jellyfish suck
- "BABE! I KILLED THAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SHARK AHAHAHA"
Posted: December 31, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is a fun little game about diving in the ocean, exploring the depths, then savagely murdering every creature in sight as a sacrifice to the gods of capitalism.
The atmosphere is quite nice, characters and creatures are done in a pretty good looking pixel art format, the soundtrack is quite pleasant and generally fits the themes and moods. There’s plenty of little mini games, events and gameplay variety to keep things fresh beyond the loop of ‘jump in, kill fish, make money’ and overall I found the game engaging all the way through until the end of the early access chapters. Just about every cutscene is worth watching at least once - they’re incredibly stylish and good for a chuckle.
The game makes a big deal about using procgen environments and that “every dive is different” but I honestly didn’t see much of that. Creature spawns are more or less static and the areas themselves rarely change their layout beyond small, superficial things. It doesn’t really take away much from the gameplay loop itself, and I probably wouldn’t have even thought about it if the game didn’t make such a big show about calling it out in the first place.
My biggest complaint is the controls. They’re quite clunky, to the point that I’d say the #1 cause of dying for the time I played this was due to some kind of control mishap. It baffles me a bit that in a game about being underwater and more or less free from the idea of gravity that your aim is locked in to +/- 45 degrees horizontally with no way to aim any higher or lower without awkwardly repositioning poor Dave in the midst of having his butt chomped off by an angry shark. The choice to require a button press to begin aiming the weapon with a totally separate button to actually fire, neither of which is terribly responsive, can be equally frustrating in more dangerous moments.
Adding to that frustration is dying during a boss fight/event section commits the mortal sin of making you rewatch all the unskippable cutscenes/intros every single time you restart it - please, a skip button. I beg you.
I do hope the world generation and control issues get polished up before the game releases, but even if they don’t this is still worth a play if you’re in to the vaguely roguelite gameplay loop and exploration stuff.
Posted: September 10, 2023
No need to wait for a discount for this game,
TRUST ME, this game gives so much than what its worth.
the passion and experimentation is seen throughout this whole game and just takes me back to a time where games are not afraid to go away from a simple core mechanic just to have you do something else that gets you into wanting more of things to discover and enjoy!
Simple premise
TONS of things to do
witty readable dialogue
and wacky plots you can't get enough of
30/10
you won't regret it
Posted: July 2, 2023
Deliсious & hilarious!
+ Awesome humor!
+ Variety of mechanics
+ Interesting rich story
+ Spirit of discovery
+ Balanced management
+ Beautiful world
+ Relaxing music
+ Every dive is unique
- QTE-part seems redundant
- Sometimes too grindy
Pure pleasure, one of the most fun game I've played.
Tips:
1. Raptor + El Nino (Lv.7) - 100% automated customer service
2. Tranquilizer Rifle & Net Gun (with upgrades) - the only needed weapons (max fish tanks)
3. Best Bei Farm - play "Find the Pearl", record it with any soft and playback via 0.25 speed.
Аппетитно и задорно!
+ Потрясающий юмор!
+ Разнообразие механик
+ Интересная богатая история
+ Дух первооткрывателя
+ Сбалансированный менеджмент
+ Красивый мир
+ Расслабляющая музыка
+ Каждое погружение уникально
- QTE-часть кажется лишней
- Местами много гринда
Чистое удовольствие, одна из самых забавных игр, в которые я играл.
Советы:
1. Raptor + ElNino (Lv.7) - 100% автоматизированное обслуживание клиентов
2. Tranquilizer Rifle & Net Gun (с улучшениями) - единственное необходимое оружие (макс. аквариумы)
3. Лучший фарм "зеленых монеток" - играть в "Найди жемчужину", запись любым софтом и воспроизведение на скорости 0.25
Posted: December 27, 2023
I thought Dredge was the best indie game I played this year, but Dave the Diver is just as good (if not better). Without a doubt, Dave the Diver has tons more content than Dredge, with just so much to do that it feels like a steal to buy it at full price. All main and side quests are exciting to complete and the mechanics of building up your gear, fishery, restaurant, farm, etc is fun and not a chore.
With both Dave the Diver and Dredge being in the Dredging & Diving bundle on sale right now, I would definitely recommend getting both in the bundle. They're both different games that complement each other well with crossovers too! If they don't win this year's Steam Awards in their respective categories, then the voting is surely rigged.
Posted: May 10, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Out of 1144 games in my library... This is the only game I have 100% achievements. I haven't been this obsessed with a game since Pokemon Red/Blue came out. Hits nostalgia in the g spot, too.
There is a ton to do already for EA. Very few bugs and the few I ran into were not even an annoyance. Very minor. Got fixed very very quickly. The devs are eager to please their players.
I recommend this game to everyone!!!!! BUY IT!!!!!!!! You won't regret it!!

Posted: November 22, 2023
Yes, definitely play it. Enormous amount of fishing fun. The sushi is a pleasant reprise. And, you can farm some fish so you don't have to spend everyday fishing. You can discover the sea people or battle a shark. Bottom line is I've had great fun playing.
Posted: January 13, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
DAVE THE DIVER
... one more dive and it´s 2 a.m.
The game in a nutshell
DAVE THE DIVER is a pixel-art management action-adventure. Dive by day and run a sushi bar in the evening. Apart from managing your staff, enobling your interior, collecting ingredients and obviously hunting fish for your menu card (which you change daily depending on your hunting success) this game offers much more, but I´ll try to keep it as spoiler-free as possible - it needs to be experienced. The gameplay loop though is highly addictive and once you think you´ve seen it all the game surprises you with another possibility to expand your business, another activity as e.g. mini games or one of its genious and charming cutscenes that introduce the next story or continue a previous.
+/-
+ beautifully designed - art style, atmosphere and music/sounds perfectly work together
+ explore the ocean and decide what it´ll be on today´s menu
+ lovable characters with amusing interactions
+ hilarious cutscenes and humor in general
+ many pop culture references
+ manage your to-do´s, crafting, social media and more with apps on your ingame cellphone
+ time events that are always managable
+ very polished for an EA game
+ as mentioned the gameplay loop is highly addictive - 18 hours in three days says it all
+ several storylines, all of which intertwine beautifully
+ end bosses for some of the quests and stories
+ easy 100% for those who care about achievements
+/- although the game uses procedurally generated environments, most of the areas repeat themselves - I hope that this feature will be strengthened in future updates for more variety during the dives
- the only negative for me is the QTE parts that appear when you try catching some of the high tier fish, but that depends on and minimizes when you get better gear. The reason behind is just a skill issue - as an older gamer my reflexes are in a downward spiral and I totally suck at QTE...
Conclusion
Although it´s just January 2023 this already is personal GOTY material and there is a reason for the overwhelmingly positive rewievs it has. DAVE THE DIVER still is in Early Access and I´m thrilled for its upcoming content. And since we´re talking about a food related game I´d like to mention that a good meal, and in this case the game itself, is the outcome of the right mix of ingredients, passion and invested love for every step of the work. And that you can feel in every single corner of the game, the attention to detail is truly amazing. This game is so good and entertaining that time really runs and I had to force myself to go to bed. Highly recommended if you´re looking for something unique that already is a masterpiece in its current EA state!
Posted: July 4, 2023
This is what PC gaming is all about
Posted: October 12, 2023
Do you like fishing? Restaurant management? Pokemon Snap? Stardew? Just play this game. It's charming and cute and fun.
Posted: March 20, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
What is this?! One of the best games I have played. Don't let the pixel graphics fool you, this game has a lot of gameplay elements and story in it.
You are a diver during the day and have to explore the sea to catch fish, find treasure and react to any sudden situations. You basically have an Oxygen meter to determine how long you can stay under the sea. It is also your HP meter, if you are hurt, you will lose some oxygen. When you are out of air, you will be saved and taken back to your ship but you can only retrieve one item.
For any fish or sea creature you caught, you sent to your restaurant for it to open for the night. You have a restaurant management mini game which you have to design the menu (from what you caught in the morning or from previous day's leftover), manage your staff, and serve your customers. Repeat the next day. The good thing about this game is that there are alot of side missions and quests for you to tend to during your undersea adventure. I won't get into too much detail here but there are still new stuff unlocking after 10 hours of play time.
Anyways here is a quick summary of pros and cons of this game:
Pros:
+ Lots of gameplay elements
+ Multiple storylines
+ Loveable characters and main protagonist
+ Relaxing but occasionally gives you a sense of danger and make you fight for your life.
Cons:
- Some Quality of life changes needed...
e.g.1. the drink pouring minigame continues for like 5 seconds even after you finished pouring and locks you out from doing other stuff... and if you don't entertain them they get angry and leaves... UPDATE: 
e.g.2. no game loading unless you go back to the main menu, you either make it entirely impossible to load, or you allow us to easily load please) UPDATE: still no load game and only 3 auto saves, need to rely on alt+f4 in order to preserve auto saves otherwise they will be easily overwritten.
e.g.3. claims the map is randomly generated but there are only a few variations with the same layout, so you will get familiar with them over time. UPDATE: no change, a bit disappointed to be honest, but not a deal breaker
- still in early access makes you wanting for more!! (okay not really a con but man I want the full game so badly) FULL GAME HAS RELEASED!
Update after beating the full release:
So it has been a few months and I have put in 30 more hours to complete the game. This game still holds and manage to give me enjoyment from start to end, makes me wanting for more. Though, I can say there are two different meaning of completion with this game. Most people would end it after clearing the main story and probably after getting all achievements. This requires around 30-40 hours. I had a bug so I had to go and replay parts of the game again for one final achievement. And then there are the 100% completion crew. To get 100% completion (e.g. all dishes/staff/weapons upgraded), I can see you will probably need another 30-40 hours. The gap in between finishing the game and 100% the game is colossal. I would love to 100% the game normally but the great effort required made me gave it up. I am sure some people would love this and the game company actually gave you a choice by not forcing any achievements on that is great. Just make sure you note this.
Some notes worth mentioning:
+ Released some other QoL changes that removes the button mashing from the game. This wasn't a problem in my original review because I was playing with mouse and keyboard at first. During full game I tried playing with a controller and that was where the problem comes in. But the devs listened to the community and added accessibility options to simply have you hold the buttons so finally no more button mashing!
- Upgrade cost for staff for the final 5 levels are crazy. Materials required for the final few levels of dish upgrades are also crazy. In general the climb is very steep near the end for each staff/dish upgrade (while the return on investment is the same as before).
- Occasional bugs still exist (normal but still happened too often and had to mention) or not unlocking achievements.
Posted: November 9, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
In "Dave the Diver" you play as Dave, who is not just a diver but also a manager/server at a restaurant, and a farmer of both plants and fish. The core game play loop is Dave diving to collect fish and managing your restaurants menu. Within the game you'll also explore the depths of the (as of current two) ocean maps, complete various quests given to you by a host of unique and fun characters, manage your restaurant by hiring/training staff, and overseeing your fish/rice farm.
The game starts you exploring a small portion of a what it calls a constant changing pocket of the ocean (again only two maps as of now) wherein after learning the controls you'll become a server in the restaurant slowly opening up more game play as you progress.
Things done well in my opinion:
- The core game play loop is enjoyable
- There's a lot to do in the game
- The NPS are silly, entertaining, and the dialog is fairly well written
- Animations are over the top and a joy to watch (skippable after repeated viewings)
- The oxygen as health bar mechanic adds a nice level of tension to the game
What needs work in my opinion:
- There's a delay in trying to rapid fire your speargun that's annoying and makes fighting fast moving fish annoying
- It has the "Mario" mechanic where simply touching an enemy damages you, when fighting larger fish this can be very annoying as the tail or fins will destroy you in close combat
- Fish can get inside your hit box wherein you're unable to repel them. If you're heavy this can outright kill you as you're unable to escape
- It would be nice to be able to change the music around and "Set" it to different locations. As it is now, you can listen to any of the music you unlocked in the game on your phone but that's all you can do with it.
Overall "Dave the Diver" is quite a fun game and I would recommend it to others.
Posted: August 25, 2023
I am in love and in awe of this game, worth every penny and more. The entire game is a delight, and Dave is so precious.
Posted: May 29, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
“Just one more dive and then I’ll go to bed”
One of the most addicting games I have ever played, the fishing can be as calm and relaxing or as intense as you want it to be and the restaurant always feels fulfilling. Very excited for the full release!
Posted: November 19, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Since ive gotten a bit older i only play a little a day as my brain gets fried trying to keep up with everyting going on. i usually play on console as my joints are deformed and it makes playing on the computer painful at times. That being said....
I started this game at 7pm and stopped playing, only because adulting dictated i needed to, at 3.45am. i was having a blast! each time i was like ok ill complete this and then do go to bed, but a special event happened, or i got a new upgrade. there is SO MUCH CONTENT for early access. how much will there be for the whole game?! if its any indication, its got to be a big game. im really looking forward to playing more, and for the full release. hopefully our progress will be saved and added with full release, but honestly if not, im game to replay! as far as the graphics and game play, i did run into 2 issues. only 2 bugs for an early release is damn good! bringing your phone out will sometimes cause a red and black screen, ive had that happen 3 times in almost 9 hours of game play. i started the dive and my character never showed up in the ocean. that happened once. so 4 bugs in 9 hours for early access is amazing! also, for those who are a fan of Food Wars, it does have some vibes with the vips. thats all ill say.
HAPPY FISHING!
Posted: December 23, 2023
Okay let's do the opposite of what the game does here and get straight to the point.
Relaxing and enjoyable at the start, the game initially sets a great tone.
However as you progress it gets increasingly tedious. More and more shallow mechanics get thrown at you, so that about 10 hours in you start feeling as if you're playing some weird amalgamation of a flashy mobile game and mmo fetch quest fiesta and start thinking what are you doing with your time? ...Fish farming? Crop farming? Each day becomes a maaassive chore.
With other games of this "type" the realization comes to you right away, while this one tricks you and sucks 10-20hours off you before it shows it's nature.
It ain't bad per say but gets more praise than what it's worth.
Posted: November 1, 2023
I don't usually leave reviews but I just had to, this game goes above and beyond to make each second engaging and fulfilling. Super cozy and relaxing but never boring. The combat is intuitive, the menus are easy to navigate, learning about and collecting different fish feels satisfying, and everything looks super charming all the time. I usually struggle to relate to characters that I don't have anything in common with, but it doesn't even matter because Dave is so sweet and it's impossible not to love him. 10/10 game.
Posted: October 29, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Game with a soul.
You can feel it is made with love.
Very enjoyable.
Posted: October 30, 2023
You should dive with Dave.
Posted: November 28, 2023
How addictive is this game?
Well I just spent more than 200 hrs in 1 Month for this game
Posted: March 18, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
oh my god i love fish
fish are so cool i love them so much
squids marine mammals crustaceans i lvoe theam somuch
Posted: December 23, 2023
This game is utter perfection.
It has it all- diving, fishing, harpooning, sushi selling, customer serving, wasabi refilling, rhythm beating, poke- fish-mon collecting, tamagotchi raising, boss fighting, seed farm simming, fish farm simming, hiring manager simming, restaurant managing, and more! There is even a really fun Dredge cross over.
It is a total 10 Hot Pepper Tunas out of 10.
I could only wish this game was longer, or that there may be a sequel one day.
Posted: December 9, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
CallMeKevin played this, and made me wanna buy this, I will say as a caveat. But generally, seems like a wonderful restaurant manager/diving game, as far as I have played. Quality indie game :)
Posted: March 28
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
Posted: December 19, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
As somebody here said, Dave the Diver and Elden Ring are the best games I've ever played
Updated review after completing the story in the early access:
This is a must play that it is even better than I thought it to be. The game allows you to free roam after the main story and it has LOADS of awesome mini games.
One of a kind.
This is the sign that you needed to get it reader, don't miss this masterpiece
Posted: July 9, 2023
You might say to yourself - How can I possibly lose dozens of hours in a game revolving around running a Sushi restaurant? And for under $20?
I can't stress enough how incredible this game is. I ran out of positive adjectives to say about this game due to me trying to express my profound love for what exists. It's like climbing up your favorite hill, only to realize it's a mountain. But not only is it a mountain, but the largest mountain on earth - only to reveal that it's bigger than that. The audacity of this game to be this good, and so surprising and refreshing for so long borders on illegal.
This game is everything you expect and then tons and tons of things you don't expect - ALL of them fantastic and capable of being their OWN game. Hours into this immersive game, more and more things are being unlocked. Every random tangent you swim on or cook leads you down a rabbit hole of other tangents and unlocks.
This is my game of the year and slowly creeping its way into my game of the last 5 years. You will lose mountains of time.
And to finally get you to slam that Add the Cart button - You can pet a baby whale.
Hope you have some free time!
Posted: April 17, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Scratched that Stardew Itch while simultaneously being its own game completely. Very relaxing, with great upgrade goals to work towards and unlock.
I thought the sushi bar would be unnecessary game play but it actually works really really well.
That's a "Buy" from me.
Posted: January 7
This game is incredibly well-paced. It's not even a single game, to be honest, but rather a wide range of mini-games that keep piling on without overwhelming you. You start off diving, catching fish, and making sushi from it — and end up grinding approval for a new faction, doing seahorse racing, fighting bosses, growing rice, and more, more, more... The best feature of Dave the Diver is just how gradually these new features are introduced.
It's fun, very well-designed, and rarely punishes you — not severely, anyway.
It also doesn't add anything to... well, anything.
It doesn't have new ideas, or aesthetics, or emotions. It's not trying to say anything. It only exists for the sole purpose of having you have some pleasant time.
And there's absolutely nothing wrong with that — except that when I closed Dave the Diver, I realized it left no impression on me. It was like swimming in warm water — nice in the process, completely forgettable after.
Posted: November 5, 2023
3 times over worth the price, packed with content, tons of nods and pop culture references. just finished the game but i am looking forward to play more. graphics are adoable 7/10 and animations are surprisingly complex and cute 9/10. game play 9/10. Music 7/10 (10/10 looking at the track hot pepper tuna). best credit sequence in a long while. amazing how they managed to balance punishment for greed with rewards for progression. beating the main story boss was SUPER gratifying and left me wanting to play the past credits content even more. I have not played the full game before the big patch (only demo) but in this state the game is incredibly good.
Posted: October 29, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
By far one of the most complete "early access" titles to date!
Yes, the "main" content is locked for the official title release, but the amount of extra (side) content blows it out of the water (hehe see what I did there~) compared to other "early access" titles.
A lot of side content to enjoy after you've caught up on all the main content.
I'm 17 hours in, maxed out on several upgrades, but have not hit the content ceiling... Just had a few additional contents unlock.
For approx. $25 - $30... Even at "early access", you are getting your money's worth!
Posted: February 23
Product received for free
Look at this Giant Blue Hole... I've never seen anything like this.
Dave The Diver has impressed me in many ways with what this game has to offer due to the amount of content it has presented. The developers at Mintrocket really have outdone themselves in terms of making one of the best casual games out there. I was given this game as a gift from a friend of mine, and I am really glad they provided this to me because it is a ton of fun.
Pros and Cons
Pros
A charming story with quirky characters
Very fun underwater diving gameplay where you collect fish
The restaurant management was my favorite part of the game
Side quests that will give you useful rewards
Actual fun quick time events
Beautiful pixel art style that I love
Cons
Boss fights felt very underwhelming
Melee combat is very bad
Story
The game starts out with Dave, who is a diver. He receives a call from his friend Cobra who asks him for help in starting a sushi restaurant with Chef Bancho. The location is at the sea known as The Blue Hole, a spot that contains all the fish from all over the world and constantly changes each time you enter it. This would have been The All Blue for Sanji from One Piece, as a matter of fact I think he and Bancho would have gotten along just fine, except the part about wasting food.
The story of Dave The Diver is very charming. All the characters are fun with each having something special about them that makes them stand out from each other. My favorite one has to be Bancho, I just love how he does his cooking and just how devoted he is to his craft. This reminds me of Gordon Ramsey in some ways, and Gordon Ramsey even makes a cameo in the game, which is something I loved.
Gameplay
Now for the gameplay, I have a lot to explain but I will try and be brief on everything. Because both the main gameplay mechanics could fill a section of their own. The main thing you will be doing in the game is diving for fish, this is done with a harpoon gun, proper firearms, traps, and melee weapons. Although murdering your pray is not the best way to go. With the harpoon gun, you do have to pull the fish in which the game will sometimes do for you, other times a variety of quicktime events may be thrown at you. You can come across a lot of diverse types of fish for you to collect and all of them can be served to customers.
You are vulnerable when reeling a fish in, so when you have multiple aggressive ones coming at you the gun would be a good thing to use. You can upgrade all of your weapons, with the firearms having different elemental specializations available. The harpoon gun can also gain effects, however only through finding temporary harpoon tip in loot during diving. With the IDiver app on your phone you can also upgrade your other gear, like diving suit, inventory space and oxygen supply. You do have a limit to what you can carry and if you go over the weight limit, you will start to swim slower. You can carry a bit more but your inventory will eventually get too full, and you will be unable to carry anything else. Keeping an eye on your oxygen is also key because if you run out, it will be a game over and you will only be able to salvage a single item or fish upon being rescued.
At nighttime, you will be running a sushi restaurant with Bancho, where you must deliver food or drinks to customers. The menu is completely up to you, and you can use the fish that you have captured in the Blue Hole. You can even hire different people to help you run the restaurant, these people can also be trained and will get special skills or unlock special recipes. Your employees come with four different stats which influence the role they are efficient in. You can get "promotions", which is handled by your internet fame on Cooksta and unlocks new menu slots for each night alongside other benefits. The restaurant portion of the game is my favorite thing to do, although I feel that this is more of a side thing in the later parts of the game due to the story that the game has, which I did not go too into because I don’t want to spoil it.
I love working at the restaurant, it's my favourite part of the game. 
A Screenshot of DAVE THE DIVER
By: ♥Skyknighter
You can make Bancho go into cook-offs with different chefs, for which the gameplay will turn into Cooking Mama for a bit. These will also open up some side quests or other features that you can use to help run your restaurant. There are a lot of side quests for you to do and the rewards for them are fantastic, from people who will come in and request a certain dish to you having to go out and take a photo of a special fish, there is just so much to this game, it’s amazing and I love it. I even liked doing the quick time events that the game had, which is something I thought I would never say.
There are even a few mini-games or special events you can do as well, one of them makes you take part in an idol concert and I wish you had more opportunities to play this event again. They even made an entire animated music video for the sequence as well.
Although Dave The Diver has two issues that I must go over that I did have a problem with. The first issue has to be the boss fights feeling very underwhelming. They mainly made you play keep away for the most part, yet your weapons force you to go up to them. The gun has a decent range but the stock one you get has some very lackluster damage in the later parts of the game. Unless you put upgrades into it but they can get pretty expensive, and you will only make a certain amount of money a night. I did mention that the game has a ton of side content, and they can help you make money, you just have to commit yourself to the whole thing. The other issue is that since you are underwater, your movement is also rather limited - the enemy's, however, is not. Plus, some of the bosses can get pretty big so you may have to try and avoid one in a small space with not a lot of room for error.
Melee combat is also another issue, and I am really glad that it's not something you have to do in boss fights. The knife you have is just outright bad, it does poor damage although you can upgrade it. It can do stuff like mine for materials that only the pickaxe can mine and the damage can increase on it, but these upgrades are not until a little later into the game. Your melee attack with it is just awful and the hitbox for it is very bad. There are other melee weapons you can use and you are just better off using those than the default knife. And even then, I would still advise to not use your melee attack on enemies that are problematic. The only fish that won't be an issue to use it on are ones who just don't attack and are slow at swimming.
Graphics and Performance
The pixel art style that the game uses is absolutely beautiful, The Blue Hole is a very mysterious place at times, but the scenery is just breathtaking. I tested the game on an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 3GB, AMD Ryzen 5 1500X Quad-Core Processor 3.50, and 16 GB of RAM. I had no issues with the game and it runs perfectly on low-end PCs and it ran very well on my Steam deck.
Final Verdict
Dave The Diver was a pleasant surprise, providing lots of content that is sure to entertain anyone who decides to play it. The animations are also something I should praise as well. They look exceptionally smooth and are just wonderful to look at when they are shown. The game is 25.99 CDN and I think it’s worth the price for the amount of content provided in this title.
Looking for more reviews like this one? Then follow Life Needs a Little Sin
Posted: February 21
Can i dive in Dave tho?
Posted: August 1, 2023
Bravo Six, going dive
Posted: November 4, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Big Man, Big Dreams, Small Sushi Bar.
Posted: May 28, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
No game should be this good, I've stayed up til 5 am playing a game about diving, it really says something about it. The gameplay is fun, and I love the quirky cutscenes. I def recommend checking this game out
EDIT: This has been on all my steam nominations, hope you win 2023!
Posted: November 5, 2023
I wish there was a neutral vote option in this case, since I normally don't down vote games in a review.
To start off with, the characters and atmosphere is great! Super high-quality, and you can tell there was a lot of love put into the development of the game. The fishing mechanics are fun, and there's a nice sense of progression as you start to unlock things.
But for me, this is where the fun stops. To sum it up, it gets very VERY tedious.
As you progress, it keeps adding more and more things to do. Time limited restaurant events, VIP encounters, multiple overlapping side-quests and optional objectives, many collection based challenges via the smartphone apps, etc. The list goes on.
All of these can be done on any of the in-game days, but you only have 2 (later 3) dives per day to accomplish these. To reinforce that this is the intended core game play loop, they introduce ways to obtain fish without needing to go fishing for them. Later, when you have a garden, they once again add automatic ways to manage it. The game KNOWS it all takes a lot of time to do things, to the point they automate it. But then it feels like more things get tacked on, and before you know it, the fishing element of the game is only used to deal with hostile creatures as you get from point A to point B.
Short, fun and relaxing dives went from 5 minutes, to upwards of 15-20 minutes. Often times most of what you'll be doing is swimming, but very slowly, as you make your way to key locations to complete an objective. Sure, you can ignore these and have fun fishing, but you'll be halting story progress.
While I love some of the game, I can't recommend this for someone who just wants a nice chill game to play before or after work. The escapism quickly dissolves, leaving you with a drawn out and tedious experience, that feels more like work rather than play. While this is fun for some, it's definitely not what I was expecting going into this.
I'd give it a chance if you have the time to invest and like the slower pace the game delivers itself with. I'd give it a 6/10. Lovable characters presented in a fun world, and a nice chill atmosphere despite the less chill game play loop. I'd honestly recommend it for the characters alone, but it's a hard sell for me just on the tediousness, as I can't guarantee someone might enjoy it enough through the slow parts to see where their stories go.
Posted: January 14, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
(Excuse my grammar mistakes in advance, English is not my first language)
Dave the Diver is a fun game with rogue-lite elements,
good playful music and a simple but cute story!
The game will keep you busy with these two main objectives:
> Run the sushi restaurant with the owner
> Explore and scavenge this 'mysterious' lake/sea near the restaurant (and catch food for the restaurant)
The game does a great job of alternating the tasks listed above. It keeps the game refreshing and light and makes me look forward to continue the progress that I've just made. It's also a great game for short bursts of playing as every task/section of the game takes about 10-20 minutes and you can just save and quit after any!
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☑ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
Thank you for reading my first review,
I hope it provided some insights that helped in your decision to buy the game or not.
So would I recommend it? > Yes! Dave the Diver is a great game to spend your free time on.
Posted: October 13, 2023
This is the single best rougelite I've ever played and it's not even close. Dave the diver combines the beauty of some of the most relaxing game play with beautiful visuals, incredibly funny dialogue and characters, and so so so much side content that I've unironically spent more time doing that than I have progressing the main story, you can beat this game in roughly 12 ish hours if you were just pushing for main story objectives, but the insane amount of side content and extra achievements and optional content INCLUDING optional boss fights will easily have you playing for 35-40 hours minimum. The games two main gameplay loops of diving for fish and working at the sushi resturant perfectly go hand in hand, and the more you play the game, the more you'll actually WANT to just be swimming around underneath the ocean doing basically nothing but catching wildlife, fighting sharks, helping people with sidequests, theres just an absurd amount of content here, this game could be 150% of hell even 200% of its current price on steam and I'd still say it's worth it, this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gem of a game and you're seriously missing out if you aren't playing it.
Posted: March 7
This game is excellent, I have completed all achievements and its taken me around 60 hours. At times where I thought gameplay was starting to get stale the story would progress, it is such a great game with absolutely amazing pacing. Its a blend of a few games;
Farming simulation like Stardew Valley 
Restaurant operation which reminds me of Overcooked blended with Cooking Mama.
Take those two key elements above and then add diving, fishing, crafting, archaeology and exploration with an enjoyable combat experience, side and main quest lines with constant progression all blended into one. It has some of the most beautiful cut-scenes and art, the soundtrack is great as well. All round excellent game, full price you wont regret picking it up, on sale is a complete steal.

Posted: February 20, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I really want to like the game because it is a ton of fun besides one aspect. What is ruining my experience as an older gamer/developer with karpal-tunnel issues are the button mashing controls needed in many aspects of the gameplay. It is ruining my peripheral inputs, that is also why I stopped playing it on the steam deck. I do not think having to mash space-bar, left-mouse, or a button input 20 times in a five second interval is good for your hand and wrist health.
I wish the developers would change their approach and instead like they do it on some harpoons require a key sequence to be entered, aka W, A, space-bar e.g. Maybe give an option in the settings to activate sequential input mode, so people can decide between button mashing or a less hardware and wrist/hand-straining input method.
I will gladly change my review once this has been addressed or changed, for now I do not recommend this game for anyone who is concerned about their peripheral health or has issues mashing the same input over and over in a short burst.
EDIT: Well, seems like we got heard and the devs are addressing the button-mashing issues. So I will gladly change my review to recommend the game! Thanks for listening to the feedback and solving the issue devs! :)
Posted: July 31, 2023
Product received for free
Dave the Diver is a relentlessly enjoyable experience. When I played the demo months ago, I could tell that it was something unique and fun, but I had no idea that the final product would be packed with so much content while also remaining cohesive and endearing throughout. Then, to top it all off, it has some of the most hilarious and well-made pixel art cutscenes I have ever encountered. You can stop here and just play it, but if you need more convincing, continue below.
Abbreviated Review:
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
Meet Dave
The innocuous beginning of Dave the Diver makes it seem like you’re in for a run-of-the-mill management sim and side-scrolling ‘shooter’ of some sort. Your protagonist Dave is a seemingly mild-mannered and friendly guy who takes on any task presented to him with a smile. So, in addition to be-ing the sole diver hunting fish in the occasionally hostile environment of an island-encompassed blue hole, you’ll also be managing the menu, financials, décor, and being the primary server in the restaurant. The only thing you won’t be doing (mostly) is crafting the sushi itself – which is left to your mysterious hardnosed Chef Bancho.
Bancho, like many of the noteworthy characters in the game, has a small story that you get to explore within the gameplay. Character exploration is part of the larger narrative in what ultimately becomes a fairly expansive story with a lot of mysteries and discoveries within it. Like the blue hole itself, the adventure seems basic on the surface but is actually deep and full of secrets. While initially your goals are only stocking and running a restaurant, various characters will wander out to meet you on the dive platform of your small boat to request your assistance in several unique and iterative quest chains. Some of these chains weave into the core of the story while others are just extra tasks that can provide rewards and keep the game rich.
The money that you earn as a reward from some of these quests adds to your primary source of income – the restaurant. This money can be used for many tasks and resources including augmenting the restaurant as well as upgrading your gear to dive deeper, longer, and with better tools to keep you alive. The deeper you go, the more threats you’ll face, but you’ll also encounter rarer sea creatures that can be diced into more profitable dishes at the restaurant. However, that’s only a small portion of what you’ll find in the depths.
The Abyss
One interesting aspect of the journey through Dave the Diver is the process of unlocking the things you need to make it into new environments. You’ll, of course, need more air available as it’s not only for breathing but also functions as your health bar. Any time you’re stung by a jellyfish or snapped at by a shark, you’ll lose air – while also steadily losing it as you breathe. You can find barrels of that life-retaining substance randomly on the sea floor along with chests full of one-time-use resources like underwater scooters and temporary oxygen boosts. You’ll also find chests with new spear tips, guns, and melee weapons you’ll need to fend off and take down larger predators and prey.
Part of the unique challenge any time you dive into the ocean is that you have a sort of roguelike experience where you need to obtain stronger spears and weapons and the environment is slightly different. The undersea environment isn’t procedurally generated, so you will see the same map over several dives, but there are at least a handful of maps to navigate that change with the time of day. However, with the random nature of the items you obtain each time and the progressively more challenging creatures that appear as the story moves forward, it feels a lot more diverse than it is.
The chapter-based campaign is blocked out by the main quest line that uses key items to limit your overall progression. While you can upgrade your oxygen and suit to go deeper as well as your harpoon and weapons to fish more efficiently, even your first steps into deeper water require you to complete a quest for a headlamp. You can sit around avoiding the main quest to fish endlessly and run the restaurant, but the game is built around the excellent pacing that has you balancing that aspect with exploration and mystery quite well. Of the 25 hours it took me to finish the main part of the game, I made only a handful of dives that weren’t connected in some way toward progression.
Riding the Current
Dave the Diver’s pacing works so well because it always gives you something new to do. The number of minigames and evolving mechanics is astounding. From the simplest tasks like having a different minigame for reeling in a big fish using each different spear tip to an immersive rhythm-based music challenge you can revisit at any time, you will never be complacent. It was almost overwhelming at times with how any given moment you could be using a mechanic you have never seen before to accomplish your next task. There are entire moments crafted in the game using controls and functionality that happen a single time, which almost seems wasteful if it wasn’t also fun as hell.
Between the minigames, boss fights, ever-expanding roles of spearfishing and restaurant management, and the hilarious cutscenes sprinkled throughout the game, I was blown away by everything presented. For a mere $20, this game provided one of the best experiences I’ve had in an indie game in a long time, and I am hoping that this isn’t the end of the adventure for Dave. The ongoing nature of serving new dishes in the restaurant and the potential to unlock more secret caves or deeper adventures leaves plenty of room for more content. However, even if somehow the developers don’t seize that opportunity, this game is well worth picking up and diving into.
If you'd like to see more of my reviews, check out my curator page here: Endyo's Indies, Abbreviated Reviews
Posted: March 13
Saw a shark. Tried to attack the shark. It started to attack me. I Died.
Would do it again. 10/10
Posted: September 23, 2023
Dave the Diver
Can we fish it?
Dave the Diver
No, we don't have enough space in our inventory.
Posted: February 9, 2023
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
i am but a humble feesh farmer.
Posted: October 27, 2022
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
WORKS ON STEAM DECK !!
Played about 10 mins so far and it works fine on steam deck so far really happy this is working on the steam deck been looking foward to it for a while now.
Posted: September 3, 2023
I usually dislike fishing mini-games in other games, so I had my doubts when I saw that this one was ABOUT fishing. However, it was a pleasant surprise how much I enjoyed the game and how entertained I was while fishing. It never got tiring (well, except maybe taking care of the Tamagotchi, haha).
This is a fishing game with several other interesting mechanics. Surprisingly for me, it has a story, and quite an interesting one at that, with fantastic humor. Excellent pixel art, and let's not even get started on the music! This game has such great music; I can't get enough of it.
Basically, our main character, Dave, is invited to an exotic island to try some delicious sushi, but surprisingly, they actually want him to go diving... and, by the way, be a waiter/manager/farmer/fish breeder/card collector/photographer and researcher... among many other activities... Poor Dave, 24 hours a day are not enough.
I found all the mini-games very entertaining, except for the Tamagotchi, mostly because when I was a kid, I hated how much attention it demanded, and the minigame reminded me of that.
I think it's an excellent game to relax while doing some fishing, and if you like it get hooked on restaurant management. Lots of laughs with the cameos and references, as well as the game's overall sense humor; I had a blast, and I might even say I felt a bit sad when I finished it.
I don't know what the devs are planning if they have more content in mind for the game or a sequel, but I'm definitely looking forward to any news!
Highly recommended!
Posted: January 4
Product received for free
This game is really something special. It offers a fun, compelling story... that you can ignore for hours at a time. It lets you float around the ocean depths pretty leisurely (okay, there is an occasional shark to be defeated or avoided)... but then it interrupts you at just the right time with a new gameplay mechanic or a new way to make money or an adorable side mission or a fun mini-game.
I don't know that I've ever played a non-turn-based game that had more of a "one more turn" feeling. "One more dive, then I'll go to bed" I say to myself every night... and then 2 hours later I've done 4 more dives, checked my fish farm, completed a side quest, unlocked a new recipe at the sushi restaurant, and met a new character.
This is also probably my favorite pixel graphics game. I am not typically a fan -- I lived through the 80s and 90s when bad graphics were all we had; why would I want to intentionally go back to bad graphics? But the art style in this game is just about perfect.
The characters and writing are also great.
I don't know what else to say -- try this game. I don't think it's for absolutely everyone... but man, if it clicks with you, I think you will freaking love it.
