Posted: October 30, 2020
My wife & I enjoy this game together :) We love the co-operative clean fun & challenges :) She doesn't have a lot of mobility because of a rare disease so this is a way for us to 'get out' - Thank you
Posted: June 8, 2022
My legs broke from being hungry
Posted: July 30, 2019
I bought two copies, one for my seven-year-old daughter, and one for myself. I host a non-dedicated session and invite her through Steam, and we spend hours tranquilizing dinosaurs, taming them, and collecting them on our island. I use the cheat codes to spawn all the items we want (using the ark wiki and double tab) and we have a great time. I recently purchased two copies of Scorched Earth, and we spawned in tons of air conditioners and wyvern eggs to hatch baby dragons, then we spawned in a bunch of wyvern milk to grow and tame them.
I've never touched a multiplayer server and don't care to. My daughter is a dinosaur nut and she absolutely loves this game and the way we play it. This review probably helps no one, as kids aren't really the target demographic, but I thought I'd give it a thumbs up anyways.
Pretty much our favorite game to play together. I'm just thankful she'd rather play this than any of the Lego games.
Posted: August 16, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is a review of the offline game.
This game has been one of the best games I have ever played. I have been playing games for over 25 years and haven't experienced a game this epic. I'd like to share one of my quests.
I had just finished my first base on a peninsula. It had a bed and some storage containers and was starting to feel pretty safe. I hadn't seen many dangerous Dino other that dilos (the ones that killed the fat guy in Jurassic park). I had stockpiled some goods and decided I would go try to tame something worth taming.
I found a raptor in a valley surrounded by rocks and decided he was gonna be my buddy. The taming process was pretty intense so it really made me want to keep my Raptor safe. I saddled him up and decided to give him a go. He was amazing, we ran around killing everything. After about 30 mins of running and killing things I decided to go home and give my new buddy a rest. We ran through the night and in the morning i realized how extra lost i was and got worried. I decided that the best way to find my way home was to climb a mountain and look around. After 5 mins or so of looking and referencing the map I finally figured out where we were. Just as I was about to put my map away I was ambushed by several scorpions and unfortunately they killed me.
After I respawned back at my base I was in panic mode and jumped on my only other ride able Dino which was a Parasaur and hauled ass back to where my raptor was. We never made it. About halfway there we were attacked by a pack of raptors and both were killed. My next re-spawn was kinda bleak from the start. I re-spawn in a random location that I thought would be near my Dino. After what seemed like hours of carefully navigating my map back to where i though my Dino was I started to freeze and starve. I would move thirty to fifty feet and whistle then repeat. The sun went down and my hopes for recovering my dino with it. Just as I had given up hope I was surrounded by scorpions and I thought "oh well". A second later my Raptor jumped down from the rocky ledges above and killed one of the scorpions. I frantically jumped on his back and ran from the other scorpions. My health was still falling due to the cold and me starving. Once we got to relative safety I hopped off his back and checked his inventory. Somehow he had collected a full suit of armor and plenty of berries whilst we were hunting earlier. We eventually dodged meat eaters and found our way home once the sun rose.
I have never felt that since of disparity and relief from a video game before. It sounds funny but it really felt like the raptor saved my life. I've never got that into a game before. That one experience was worth more than what I paid for the game.
Posted: April 20, 2016
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Note: At least 1000 of my hours were spent on Official Servers. Thus my review will pertain to Official Servers.
Ark Survival Evolved is a game that will make you feel many things. Initially you will feel frustration at your helplessness as you spawn nude on a beach at level one and can barely fend off the smallest of dinosaurs. Then you will meet people, these people will either be total jerks and just kill you over and over, or they will be really chill, and you'll form a tribe with them. You will spend countless hours with these people: farming materials, taming dinosaurs, and build bases. You will grow more and more in power. You will be meeting other players either passing through the server or settling down. You will know all the other tribes on the server that are worth knowing (i.e. the big tribes or friendly tribes). You will come across numerous other cultures as you find Chinese tribes and Spanish tribes, French and German, all while growing more and more powerful. You will on occassion have a set back, but at this point you're on a roll and now the games mechanics, have a good group of friends, and objectives that you have given yourself. You will feel happy with what you have accomplished.
But there is a downside. There must always be conflict, while it can be delayed for long periods of time, it will eventually come. And so another tribe will pick a fight with you. Your tribe will fight their tribe, and you may lose or you may win. Either way you've invested a lot into this server and these friends, so you'll never give up. Some other tribes will jointhe fight, picking sides. The winning side will probably kill all the dinos, take all the mats, and kill everyone on the losing side. Thus you have won your first war. You are now a power on the server worth being reckoned with. Soon enough, you'll get in an even bigger war as the losing side draws more and more people to aide them and you respond by getting more as well. Now the entire server is split 50-50, and a great war mars the server for days as both sides are constantly wiping one anothers bases. Eventually you'll win though, and the other side will leave the server. They'll be fed up. As the enemies are now gone, you are happy once more. You hated them just as they hated you.
Now a long period of peace has passed, a couple weeks. There is trouble brewing as a few of your allies are begin to grow wrestless and have infighting. Peace will try to be maintained through talks. But it will fail in the end, and more war will arise. This cycle will continue until only 2 tribes remain. These two tribes will be dominant in every regard: leadership, tactics, dinosaurs, and materials. Pitted against one another to see who will rule the server. You will fight your heart out against your former allies. You will destroy bases you'd once entered as a friend, now as an enemy. You will kill dinos whose names you helped come up with. You and your tribemates will be cycling out who gets to sleep because the battle will last over 24 hours. The fight will go on and on and on and on with no end. It will be exhilerating.
Then you win. Then you are the supreme ruler of the server. You are standing over the ruins of your former allies as you have proved yourself to be the mightiest. But then it will hit you. The sadness. As now all the people you had once known, months ago when you were just a little tribe starting out, will all be gone. Everyone you'd ever fought with and fought against are gone. While there is some joy in victory, it is very bitter as there is no one left to share it with. Your tribemates will still play, but it's not the same. Even if not in your tribe, you had a community. Friends. Foes. Maybe even lovers. Now all that is gone. You will pass the ruins of these once great tribes and feel a hole in your heart. New people will always arrive to challenge you, but you'll always beat them down. Destroying any hope they had. You'll build fortresses that'll reach the Heavens and have so many dinos it'll cause server lag. You'll build Great Walls across vast territories in order to denote your power. Finally, you'll get bored and leave.
Months will pass, and one day you'll see Ark still in your library and hop back on. You'll log back into your old server. Everything is different. New names, faces, bases, everything. Not a single structure you had built is left standing, not a single ruin. All of it is gone. The people on this server see you log in and ask if you want to join their tribe saying that 'Ark can be harsh for noobs', but you could never tell them. You could never tell them an entire servers history. The hundreds of thousands of hours of work you'd seen put in by that ancient world. The structures they couldn't ever even imagine. The wars you'd fought and people you'd met. You could never explain to them what it all had meant to you, for it is all now gone. In it's place is a new world, completely distinct from the original while maintaining a strong similarity. You will be both extremely happy at this new world, and profoundly sad about the world that was lost.
Ark Survival Evolved will demand dozens of hours to just get the basics down and get priorities straight. To become a power on a server will take about a hundred hours. To conquer a server will take a couple hundred hours. To realize everything you lost and destroyed that you once held dear will take thousands of hours. To atone for everything you'd done to those you once called friends will take an eternity.
If you'll pour time and effort, no game will ever make you feel as strongly about the decisions you've made than Ark: Survival Evolved. Beware that you may get addicted and lose your real social life and ambitions in exchange for this game. But you'll meet people you'd never have met otherwise, see things you never thought possible, commit acts that would make tyrants think you're true evil or saints believe you are the second coming of Jesus Christ. In the end, you'll feel stronger emotions then any you've ever felt from playing a game.
10/10 Masterpiece.
Posted: June 29, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Since most people are bashing the PvP servers for the griefing, I feel like someone should answer that and also talk a bit about the PvE servers.
Right now I got close to 130 hours in the game, about half of that on PvP servers and half of that on PvE, all official ones. All the thing people say about the griefers is true, they'll kill your dinos, steal your stuff, abuse your body and destroy your house as soon as you go to sleep. In fact a lot of tribes organize group to play past midnight for the sole reason of hunting sleeping players. And that's the keyword here TRIBES. If you're playing on a PvP server you gotta keep in mind that you're not supposed to do it at your pace and take your time building your little Tatch hut with it's little thatch fence with your Raptor and a couple of Dilos. Slowly learning the game by yourself, taking everything in, eventually upgrading to Wood and then Stone and so forth.
I'm sorry but I got to burst your bubble right now: If you plan on playing in a PvP server you gotta take this game seriously. You either find a group of friends to play with you or you join a Tribe as soon as possible. If you play alone you might find a hidden spot where your stuf will be safe one or two nights, maybe even a week, but alone you're doomed to be found, robbed and killed. And like many others said, have the work of a whole week go down the drain. If you're joining a PvP server you're doing it for Tribe warfare and let me assure you, thing can get really intense, really epic pretty fast. With eagles swooping down to grab enemies and droping them from high altitues to their deaths, or tactical droping Raptors inside their base to wreak havok, T-Rexes working as battering rams at the enemies gates while rockets fly at them, auto-turrets spewing bullets at your Carno army, Sabretooths leaping over walls. It is a beauty to behold.
But you'll only experience that if you join one of the dominating tribes on your server or work on creating a strong Tribe of your own. Otherwise you'll just be cattle for them, nothing else. They'll keep you from taming dinos by killing them mid proccess, block caverns so only they can harvest the resources, literally kidnap you to use you as a blood bag Mad Max style and so on.
I get why so much people hate that, after all they're just being preayed upon, they're not participating in all the fun that is Tribe Wars. But the only way to Tribe Wars be so much fun is allowing all this kind of freedom the game has right now, they gotta allow people to be complete a-holes because during wars that's what you gotta be. If they put too many safety nets to keep people who wanna do PvP only when THEY wanna do PvP the game would be boring and stale.
But if everything I said right now put you off, don't be. First of all because you don't really need PvP for this game to be fun. There's a TON of stuff to do in PvE servers or offline if you just wanna do everything at your pace. I got a bit tired of all the pressure on PvP servers and have been playing in a PvE for around 60 hours right now. And I still only got only a Wood base with some Dinos, just hit level 45, and I feel like I'll never run out of things to do because the devs just keep adding and adding stuff almost each day. People are also very helpful on PvE servers, they'll give you a hand when you have problems with a Rex, help you gather Prime meat when you're taming a Carnivore, give you tips and materials. At least on my server I got absolutely nothing to complain about them.
And if you're still one of the guys who wanna grow at your pace and only participate on PvP when you're ready, REJOICE! Because they'll soon add War Declaration to PvE servers, so tribes can actually go at war when they feel like it, without all the griefing to new players who want just to keep to themselves.
As a closing statement, I'd like to congratulate the Devs. They're doing a terrific job. Optimization is alreayd a LOT better, still not there yet, but much better. The content is fantastic and it just keeps coming. Bugs are rarer and rarer, in fact I don't even remember the last time I experienced one.
An all around great game that I fully recommend if you're into dinossaurs and survival games. Oh, and it's also pretty cheap.
Posted: April 27, 2023
I've loved this game, put in WAY more hours making maps and modded content for it than I have playing it which is a terrifying statistic to think about, and have made some of the closest friendships from playing with people in the community- but, I'm just really disheartened. This is gonna be a long post, I've nolifed the ♥♥♥♥ out of this game for the better part of half a decade so there's a bit.
Having people come into my streams & DMs to ask me if I'm going to be porting my map and mods over to ARK1.5 with ASA and then to ARK2 before all of this immense drama and fleecing happened, before we knew anything about prices and release dates- it was a firm yes! I'd love to bring my creations over to UE5, porting content over was so easy, even myself and people in the modding community were putting our maps and creations into stock UE5 just to see what the possibilities were and get off on the new physics, lumen and nanite.
Now I really don't want to bring that content over. Not only because of the bad business practice, with many other games who have ported over to UE5 or have done engine upgrades been offered for free- but because I've seen this one too many times with this company and the business is just horrifically mismanaged and it's heartbreaking for some of us, it's heartbreaking for me.
When someone in a position of power and authority over an IP and business has stated that ARK1.5 would be free, as a gesture of good faith, you take that as a promise, and we were all stoked about that. That was the right thing to do. ARK is not a small indie, unknown survival game in a (mostly) unfinished state anymore like it was- it is a powerhouse in the industry, top survival game charts across the internet for -years- will have ARK in the top 5- it is not a game that has done poorly for revenue, publicity or players. It is one of the giants. The best IP that Snail/WC have to date and continues to be. There is no reason to renege on a promise that was publicly made. And before some moron says "JuSt DoNt BuY It ThEn" it's deeper than that, I would have had, at my hours invested, zero issues purchasing ARK1.5 for like $20-$30 bucks with all DLC's included- but to make an offer, after it was promised as free, then to take it back and serve up an even bigger steaming pile of ♥♥♥♥ that is more expensive on a plate, and for Wildcard to hand you the spoon and be like yum yum dig in! Is so strange.
Honestly, I'm not surprised. I was a public moderator in the ATLAS discord with Jat and other off branched former/current- Wildcard/Grapeshot employees at the release of that absolute dumpsterfire and was there with the rest trying to put out fires that could be witnessed from fu**g Jupiter- because I had faith and volunteered my time to assist with a company I believed in, created for and wanted to succeed so badly for the community.
Dark and Light was next. Another abandoned IP. Then Last Oasis- yep- Abandoned. All of the offbranches of ARK have failed so horribly, and haven't managed to capture that excitement that ARK did for the industry but they will absolutely keep trying to push out what they think consumers will like, all without listening to any feedback- and feedback isn't always good, do not get it twisted some suggestions I've seen truly are horrendous- but there are gems in amongst the boulders and landslides. Having the initiative to sift and find them, and then really look at them seems to be the problem. It concerns me deeply when Wildcard state themselves on their newsletters that ARK2 will be such a different experience from ARK1 that it now makes sense why they tried to package it in a non-refundable-at-time-of-play bundle with ARK1.5.
Speaking from experience here- the best thing Wildcard/Snail have done for ARK, and I will never discredit them for it, is their Sponsored Mods program and hiring modders from the community for ARK and ATLAS. That alone has kept ARK where it is, as popular as it is, as fresh as it is and as revolutionary as it is. There is never a drought of "content" with ARK, as the modding community carries it on their backs each and every day. Official servers have their place, and I disagree with how they're being handled, but have no solution for that as I never was an official player for more than an hour at a time to remind me why I prefer modded servers. This is no discredit to the ARK art department, by the way, having looked through the maps in the Devkit- Aberration is still to this day is a visual and technical marvel, and many other maps made since then.
There is a massive air of uncertainty for modders with ARK1.5 and 2. Logistically, the average number of mods on big unofficial servers is about 18- if each modder listing them on Overwolf decides to list their single mod for say $3 bucks, something very reasonable- times that by 18 and are players really going to be expected to play on a single server they MIGHT not even like, for $54 bucks? Maybe they discovered that server was good but had no players during their playtime- and then they find one in their region but, oh- there's 5 more mods on this server, there's another $15 to play on this one. Is a $69(nice) investment really worth it? I don't think so. Even at what has been discussed quietly behind closed doors with other modders at a $1 a mod price, so 50c to the modder, 50c to Overwolf/Wildcard- that's still, on average, $18 bucks to play on a server- this price is not including ARK1.5, or the DLCs for it- so what was the discussed "Content creators/Modders can make a living!" price...? Because when you take a step back from the buzzwords, there's a colossal black hole of a problem in the logistics.
I digress, without any more information to go on regarding priced mods, we can only speculate. Back to what we know.
Selling all DLCs and base game for ARK 1 that will functionally become a single player story mode and mod carried game without any warnings, notices or heads up to new prospective players is scummy as hell. There will absolutely be more delays before ARK 1.5, which will extend the lifecycle of the current game and DLCs, sure, but it's shady. The idea that ARK1 will become, in a sense, a showcase of my above statement about modders carrying the entire ARK community on their backs, and a solo story is fine- but adjust your listings so that people will know they will never experience ARK1 as "Wilcard intended" with the removal of official servers, that they will be playing with archived mods no longer receiving updates as many modders move over to 1.5, that they will have a limited playerbase to play with as most have gone to 1.5, that there is limited updates going to be provided due to 1.5- that there is no more official DLC... due to 1.5.
This isn't even taking into their account their roadmap of the supposed finished content releases for ARK1.5 and ARK2 finishing up and starting at almost the exact same time. So we will have this problem ALL over again when the release of ARK2 is imminent, after it's delays. Players who bought ARK1.5 and all the DLC's will play on that for a month or two before ARK2 is released, then ARK1 is even more abandoned, and ARK1.5 will dwindle.
I know many people will say- damn, this chick gives way too much of a ♥♥♥♥ about this game, you right lol. I don't like seeing a community be lied to, deceived, fleeced and taken advantage of. ARK is one of those "coping" games. If you spend any time with the community, it's a comfort. People come home from work or school and they will turn their brain off and just play. For hours. Not giving any thoughts to how ♥♥♥♥ their workday was, how badly they were bullied at school, how much anxiety they have or problems they are facing- ARK lets them turn off and have fun, it's an escape game. There's not many other games out there that keep people playing like ARK does, for so many reasons. But, the community is at the core of it.
I wish Wildcard would pay attention to it.
Posted: June 2, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
THIS IS A DAY 1 REVIEW AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AS THE DEVELOPMENT CONTINUES
PROS
+ Dinosaurs
+ Sprawling land that looks and feels absolutely huge
+ Ease of Understanding (controls, objectives, etc)
+ Engram System (I really dig it)
+ Simple Crafting (It's a no brainer to use and understand)
+ Early Access Perks (cosmetic items which are dinky but cool)
+ Loot Boxes!
+ Taming and Mounts (epicness)
+ Single Player (has been added!)
+ Server Hosting Instructions have been shared
+ PvE/PvP commands have been added for server hosting!
CONS
- Optimization: Needs massive improvement (which is happening! it's a priority with the Devs atm)
- Not enough servers to meet the current population
- Not being able to connect to servers/being kicked out of servers
- Sound issues (music/sound not turning down properly even when adjusted)
- Lag issues across the board. (Some experience it, some do not.)
- Raptors (dude, they will own your butt unless you hit a hill or something. Not really a Con, they're just d*cks)
What little I've managed to play I have enjoyed and really look forward to pitching a tent and staying a good long while but I'm not going to sugarcoat my experience either. There are a lot of problems right now but most of them are due to the Devs simply not pushing a bigger server test before they released -- They simply didn't anticipate the community that slammed their servers trying to play.
I'm recommending it, but please keep in mind that this is a VERY Early Access game despite the fact that there is a lot about it that simply looks, and somewhat feels, polished (the dinosaurs are amazing). If you cannot or do not want to deal with the current CONS then you should wait at least a week and come back and check out the changes the Devs push otherwise I'm saying go ahead and drop the 24.89$USD and try your hand at playing.
EDIT: 6/2 - Single Player and Hosting Commands have been added by the Devs!
THIS IS A DAY 1 REVIEW AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AS THE DEVELOPMENT CONTINUES
Posted: June 13, 2015
├Professors Review┤
Game Pros
• Open World
• Weapons ranging from spears, to rocket launchers, and turrets
• Weather System
• Multiplayer
• Crafting system
• Consistent updates
• Day/Night Cycle
• Ton of skills to master
• Base building
• Grouping/Spawning System
• PvP/PvE
• You can tame/ride dinosaurs
• Steam workshop
• Selfie/Orbit Cam so you can look at yourself
• You can host Servers and have access to console commads
• 3rd person (Can be accessed on servers that have it enabled)
Game Cons
• Requires a very decent PC to achieve stable FPS
• Dinosaurs hover on certain terrain (Very minor)
• Dinosaurs need pathfinding work
• Chance of spawning on a hostile dinosaur, killing you upon spawn
• WARNING: Hackers
• Developers released DLC before the game was anywhere closed to finished
• Terrible optomization for full priced game. Especially if you buy it knowing you have an outdated graphics card.
• Developers provide little or no customer support
Relateable Games
• Rust
• The Forest
Conclusion
ARK is an amazing game, But rememeber that the game is still in ALPHA STAGES. It still has a ways to go before it finished, but it is headed in the right direction. It gets your heart pumping when you have a lot to lose, and you got a giant dinosaur chasing you down through a forest.
Score
65/100
(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)
UPDATE:
Considering there has been a swarm of kids who don't know how to use the "filter" function on steam. All further comments will be deleted on this review. It is outdated, and they think they are bringing some sort of new information to everyone by saying it.
F.A.Q
Complaint: "Oh my god you only have 11 hours in game?? You don't know anything!!!!!
Answer: If you need more than 11 hours in a game to decide if it's good or not. You have a problem. 11 hours is more than enough time to grasp concept of any game and see the mechanics.
Complaint: You got paid for this review!! Fake account!!
Answer: Please email the developers if you think i should be getting paid for this review. Id love to collect my money. And by looking at my profile for 5 seconds, you can tell its not fake.
Complaint: You are giving new players bad input!!! omg!!!
Answer: Well than you and those new players should learn how to use the filter function on steam and quit looking at reviews from years ago. That is your fault and your fault only.
Complaint: If it's such a good game why don't you play it anymore huh??? :OO
Answer: Because I have a lot of good/newer games that I enjoy playing more. I don't need to continue playing a game just because it was good. I played other games and moved on.
Posted: September 18, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
First review i wrote for a game but it had to be done!
This game is like Crack!
I've put a few hundred hours into this game and will probably put in a few hundred more. The devs are constantly pushing out new content (to a point where all the server maintenance is starting to become annoying haha) and they are very involved with the community trough reddit etc.
Me and two friends of mine started off on a public server and had a really nice welcoming, A nearby chinese tribe gave us some stuff to start out and we we're hooked to the game pretty much instantly. There were some big tribe wars going on on the server but we were left alone.
A few weeks later.
we have a huge metal base with a 5 high stone wall perimiter around it and 5 more people joined our tribe. All the big tribes but the chinese one left the server and got wiped out. And it seemed peaceful At this point we already spent hundreds of hours taming different dinos (which each have their different role like gathering resources, carrying heavy loads, transportation, combat, you name it) and we eventually also tamed a few t-rexes and the stronger end game dino's. You name them all and because of their different tasks and stat builds you become sort of attached to your dino's as well which makes the game even better.
One week later.
Random (smaller tribes) are getting destroyed at night when they are offline. all the buildings blown open resources stolen and dinos killed. (take note some dinos can take over 10 hours to tame without kibble) At this point our base is more like a fortress we have over 70 organic turrets (think plants that split acid to hostiles) and 10 auto Gatlin turrets with loads of ammo in them. And an army of all kinds of dino's over 50 including 5 t-rexes varying from lvl 150-200+ A fully metal layered base with different compartments with different resources in every room (makes it harder for raiders to get everything since they have to blow up more walls)
The chinese tribe starts putting in random text in global chat in capital letters including our tribe name. they have always helped us out we have made multiple trades with them for resources and called them allies.
The next day.
I log on.
Everything is gone.... all our dino's are dead every wall is blown up all our turrets taken out. and our base is in ruins.
Hundreds of hours of building up Taming dino's training them taking them out on resource runs and working together with a tribe....gone....
The chinese tribe who helped us out from day one, Destroyed us.
RIP.
Atlas
Abraxis
Nien
Talon
Aeon
Mckitten
McCat
McMuffin
Mike the trike
Bob the trike
Armageddon
Morgoth
Apocalypse
Ankrahmun
Ankaderp
Muffin
Deem
Demonspawn
Sharkenator
Lulu
Rammus
Rockey
Stoney
Scorpenator
Mitten
Rappy
Omega
Mammutan
Woolly
Mamenamenamenan
Carny
Brontenator
And many more....
That empty hollow feeling seeing your base in ruins and all your tamed fed and cared for dino's dead. I never had that before in a game.
3 days later.
we set up camp a few miles west from our old base. we had primitive tools and we were back to square one.
But we we're determined and longing for revenge....
we broke down some old metal walls en made a small 4x4 room and set up the basic crafting stations. We had good contact with a few of the smaller tribes nearby who we helped out countless of times. now we needed their help. we secretly banded together against the Chinese tribe and they gave us some of the harder to obtain resources like crystal and oil.
We started mass producing grenades.
I went out at night with a stash of metal tools a crossbow, arrows and food and approached their base. The chinese built a enormous stone castle on the water where they stored most of their Egg farm dino's in. I went to the beach. swam underneath the base. found a spot where i could hack away at their stone walls to get inside. Found a good spot and made a start. tribe members brought over grenades and we blew though the wall. Out came charging a T-rex and 5 raptors at insane speed. we started backing off while firing at them. The water slowed them down. Called for the rest of the tribe to head over. we ended up fighting them on foot with primitive weapons. After a long fight we took them out one by one and eventually they all lay dead. That feeling of Vengeance is undescribable. but we weren't satisfied. We headed back into the dino pen and laid waste to their entire egg farm, we killed over 20 Stego's three mammoths and a few ankylo's, It was a massacre. Fueled by the loss of our pets and friends.
Today,
we're still fighting a guerrilla style war against the Chinese. Constantly on the move hitting them where they expect it the least.
Only a handfull of people remain on the server but we won't rest untill we have taken everything from them... like they did to so many others.
Apoligies for the grammar mistakes etc. English is not my native language.

Posted: June 5, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
After a few hours playing i just felt i had to type down something about the game. First off the game looks realy nice, no way i could say it was a early access game if i didnt know it alrdy. No major game breaking buggs so far, some bigger dinos stuck between trees but so far i just seen a handfull of them.
A few highlight of my gameplay
Woke up on a beach and started to get the feel of the game and controls. Looking around i saw another player working his way thoward the forest and i tough: hey ill stalk him and see what hes up to. a few 100 meters into the dence forest he gets attacked by what i think was a Trex feeling for a snack. i didnt stay to check what happend to the guy, i legged back to the beach where i woke up.
Next few hours i was working my hardest just to get though the nights without falling to the smaller reptiles prowling the beach. Though to myself after makeing a spear, fish should be easy food to catch, I swam out to a big boulder just where the sea got alittle deeper, spotting a fish getting rdy to jump into the water and spearing it i saw a big shadow comming closer.... a shark the size of 2 cars....
I spend a cold night out on that rock.
Working my way north along the shoreline looking for a good spot to call home i came across a dino that was left for dead that i decided to tamed. Over a period of 3 ingame days and nights feeding it and defending it and me the entire time. Gathering berries and makeing a campfire to cook myslef some meat and for light for the night times. After 3 long night and days he finaly woke up and i had my first companion.
For a time all was well i was building the house on a hill loverlooking the shore, My dino i came to call Fido was defending me and the house without mercy. Oneday i felt the gound shake as a pack of big herbivores deciced that my house was totaly in the wrong place and started to attack it. Fido the good guard dog as he was attacked without delay. Outnumberd and outpowerd we fought them side by side for almost 30 min killing off 6 of the 8 attackers when Fido didnt have anymore fight in him and fell to the ground to never raise again. I without any backup was no match for the remaining two and i had to fall back into my house and gather as mutch of my resources i could carry and the flee. The only thing i could do was to watch from afar with my spyglass the destruction of my house and mourn the death of my brave Fido.
Would i recomend to buy it? Hell yes :)
Posted: September 3, 2020
Ark is easily my favorite game I've every played. It goes so deep. The gameplay is super fun but also unfair at times. You are weak at first and dinosaurs are strong and merciless. Expect to die (you don't really lose anything when you die as long as you go and get your stuff, though your tamed dinosaurs die permanently).
My husband and I have made so many amazing moments and memories playing this game together. He captures dinosaurs; I breed them. He hunts; I craft. And we fight all the caves and bosses together using his superior skill and my awesomely bred creatures. We've had soul-crushing upsets and exhilarating victories.
It is a punishing game and would be too difficult for someone with my (low) gameskill to play alone. If you're good at survival games or are looking for a game to play with a family member or friend, I couldn't recommend this game more!
Play style: I play PVE (players can't hurt each other) with my husband on a private server. I personally can't imagine playing on the hyper-competitive official servers. It's fun to watch Youtube videos of Ark players like Kishko but for me personally, the official servers seem depressing because you constantly get raided by other players. Our personal server is hosted on Nitrado. Nitrado's service totally stinks to set up, but works great after it's up and running. We adjusted the settings to make breeding go faster and animals eat less, but other than that we basically play vanilla Ark with the two of us in our own world.
Game Taste Background: I normally play single-player puzzle and dungeon defense games like Divide by Sheep and Dungeon Warfare. For base-building games my favorite one besides Ark has been Rimworld. For multiplayer games, I loved co-playing Minecraft and Diablo 3.
I hope this review helps someone!
Posted: October 24, 2022
It's the greatest abusive relationship ever.
Posted: October 30, 2019
I absolutely love this game. It encompasses all that I can expect of a survival game. check out my hours and you will know how much I love this game. I recently experienced the tek cave and the overseer and that was amazing! I'm 62 years old and so far, I plan on playing this game till I am no longer able to do so and then ascend to the great Ark in the Sky! Of course, I would highly recommend this game to anyone that is not afraid to play the most awesome game ever!

Posted: May 5, 2017
I have over 500 hours into the game, compared to a lot of ARK players i'm still a noob, so if you aren't ready to turn this into a full time job, don't even bother thinking about getting this game. I'll explain why this game is a full time job later on, but basically it punishes any player that can't or won't play it 24/7.
First I'll talk about the PvE. I started playing PvE on a private server with friends and had tons of fun discovering everything there is to enjoy. We started on The Center, the biggest and in my opinion the coolest of the three maps. The beginning is the hardest part for new players. Every dino you meet can easily kill a noob, even the spitter dinos. It can be annoying running around naked and getting killed by raptors, but stick with it and find your friends and build a safe place. Once you get the base built, the game gets so much more fun. Every new dino you find is cool, and it so fun the first time you get all your friends together and explore a cave. The most dangerous foes we encountered in PvE were the alpha predators. Our base got destroyed multiple times by alpha raptors, but it was fun because it showed us that even though we had a big base with spike walls and guard towers, there was still a threat out there that had to be beaten. Of course once you build a metal base nothing can break it anymore, and once you tame flying mounts you don't have to worry about dangerous expeditions so late game it got boring. We basically got to the point that nothing PvE had to throw at us outside of boss battles was a challenge, and even fighting bosses had no point because what would we use the tek gear to kill? Harder versions of that boss? That's why we decided to turn to PvP to see if that was better late game.
Pro tip, don't PvP. This game is designed in such a way that the big tribes that are on top stay on top. New tribes and new players just get pooped on in every single way unless they join an alpha and become a resource harvesting slave. Let's walk through all the reason PvP is horrible.
1.) Alpha tribes. They wipe the server once or twice a week and completely blow up any new players base and kill their dinos. They own the server, they won't let anyone else even enjoy the game.
2.) Unless you're alpha, you don't get a base, they might let you live in a thatch hut. Refer to reason 1.)
3.) Unless you're alpha, you don't get to tame dinos, they might let you tame dodos. Refer to reason 1.)
4.) Unless you're alpha, you don't get to upgrade any of your gear. Alphas block all loot drops (the good ones anyway) and fill all the caves with auto-turrets to gun down anyone that tries to explore them.
5.) Alpha tribes are literally impossible for smaller tribes to fight. They have huge metal bases with hundreds and hundreds of turrets and plants that will mow you down if you so much as look at it wrong. Rockets get shot down in mid air by these turrets, and you won't get close enough to plant c4. You won't be able to bring dinos to tank the turrets either, refer to 1.)
6.) Offline-raiding. Just imagine working for 2-3 weeks building a pretty cool base completely surrounded by plant-x and taming about 20 dinos then logging on to see a smoking crater where your base was. You don't get to save any of your gear, you don't get to save any of your dinos, you don't even get to fight back, it's all just gone. This happens all the time, and honestly offline-raid protection should be baseline on all servers.
7.) Battlemetrics. Alpha tribes and griefers use this website to figure out if you are online or not. If you log off for some reason, sleep or work or whatever, then they will know and they will raid you. They can even get text alerts that tell them the second you have logged off or on, or if anything else unusual is going on on "their" server. Basically, this site and sites like it are cancer. Also, it doesn't tell them your in game name, but your steam name, that means even if you make another character they will know it's you. Also, if you piss them off and try to go to another server, they can just look up where you went using Battlemetrics and come find you. There is no hiding and no escape, so you have to be nice and can't even PvP or else some loser with no life is going to come and find you on every single server you go to. If you run into anyone named "123" and a private profile, BEWARE!
8.) Breeding. Just another way to keep big tribes on top. They have huge metal air-conditioned rooms where they hatch 20 eggs at once, each hatched dino is gonna be 2x the level of anything a noob will have.
9.) Tek gear. If the fact that they have 2-3x better gear by monopolizing all loot crates wasn't a big enough edge, if the fact that they have 2-3x better dinos by building huge breeding rooms wasn't a big enough edge, now they get tek gear too. If they come at you with anything tek and you have baseline gear and baseline dinos, you are DEAD!
10.) Ark is a full-time job. You must log on every day to feed dinos or they will die. Breeding and imprinting are horrible and time consuming processes that I won't even touch. You must log on every day to make sure you haven't been raided, and you must grind harder than everyone else to make sure you have the defenses and dinos to stop raiders. Don't bother, you won't.
Look, I'm tired of typing this review, just know that if you enjoy PvP because you enjoy winning through skill, then don't PvP. No PvP skill is required at this point, their gear will have much higher armor and damage, their dinos will have much higher hp and damage, just accept your death and wipe multiple times because you will lose everything and you won't even be online to defend it, not like you'd have a chance even if you were.
EDIT:
I never expected my review to actually be popular, but now that it is I feel like I should address all the kids telling me I suck and that I'm still a noob who doesn't know what he's talking about.
Firstly, this is NOT a skill based game. This is a grind based, offline raid based, exploit based game. You can't come here and say I'm a noob, especially when I've played the game solo and as a small tribe for over 300 hours, and I joined an alpha tribe for a week or two so I know how it goes on a larger scale. My opinion actually got even worse after joining the alpha tribe because I realized just how bad the game panders to them. Here are some more reasons why I will never recommend this game to anyone that I found from my time with the alphas.
1.) Alpha tribes can grind resources WAY easier than a new player. Now, you would probably expect this. After all, they have more players so it is only natural that they could send 5 out to grind while your tribe could only spare 1. No, numbers isn't even what I'm talking about here, I'm talking about EXPLOITS with a farming dino and a Quetzal. A noob with a hatchet can get 50-60 wood from a single tree. An alpha tribe can get 1500 wood from a single tree. A noob with a pickaxe can get 50-60 metal from a vein, an alpha tribe can get 300 metal from a vein. A noob would take hours to farm 1-2k metal, an alpha tribe can farm 20-30k metal in an hour. The list goes on and every single resource you can think of they can get insane amounts much faster and easier. Now, noobs wont know how to do this, and wouldn't be able to because Quetzals are hard to tame, and hard to hide from alpha tribes. If they saw you flying around harvesting, they would bring a Wyvern after you and start looking for your base.
2.) Large scale PvP is extremely laggy. The servers are supposed to support up to 100 players, but if you get more than 20 players in a server, the lag becomes unbearable. Once again, alpha tribes exploit this by logging as many people as they can onto a server (kind of like DDOS) to block out defenders from connecting, or to force the server to get so laggy that you can basically avoid taking damage from things.
Posted: February 23, 2023
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☑ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☑ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☑ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☑ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10

Posted: June 5, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I'm at a point where I'm about to hit 20 solid hours of gaming and feel I have a good enough grasp of the game to review it. So here goes...
I'm 32 years old. Been gaming since the Atari... been online since the early 90's. Done everything from chat based roleplay to full blown massive MMO's. I have a few hundred games on Steam and others on Origin, GoG, etc.
Let me say that this is the FIRST time I have EVER seen a developer quite like this one.
Make no mistake, this is an Early Access title. So of course the launch was plagued with issues, and the server numbers didn't cover the 100,000+ players... BUT, the devs have made some of the most aggressive moves to resolve the issues that I've ever seen.
In the first 24 hours of the game... we had over a dozen patches. In the first 48 hours... I can't even count how many. I recall yesterday having downloaded over 10 different patches through Steam. Seemed like one every hour.
For me, that's HUGE. A developer that actually TRIES to set the example and improve on their product. You just don't see this type of response at all from an indie, or AAA team.
That said... the game is pretty fun and exciting. I'd describe it best as Rust, with dinosaurs. Only the quality of the game is far superior being on the Unreal 4 engine. The fps numbers may be pretty low for most users but chock that up to poor optimization (which is expected of an Early Access title only a few days into release).
In all, you can't go wrong picking this title up at this point. Just make sure your system requirements meet the recommended and you should be fine.
Posted: October 13, 2023
My review on this wonderfully crafted game by Studio Wildcard! (Small spoilers ahead!!)
-[Audience]-
This game is perfect for those who want to spend time with friends and family; this game has no gore, but has a little blood and is a bit violent; but that is to be expected from a Dino game. I've played for a few thousand hours with my friends on many of the maps released for the game, and we have had loads of fun.
-[Gameplay]-
As a forementioned above, this game has hours of content with all the expansion maps from the Island to Genesis part 1 & 2; I love the survival aspect of trying to survive and tame dinosaurs and use them in battle with different clans. This game does has some difficulty, but it is rewarding to progress in the game. The bosses add such a challenge that our journey culminates towards. Gathering resources and crafting weapons and tools is a key part of the game; you need to gather food, be it berries from plants or meat from the wildlife, and drinking water from nearby rivers. There are a wide range of weapons and tools you can make which varies up the ways to fighting or gathering. Another aspect of this game is its sandbox mechanics, where we can make bases using the materials we have foraged. There are quite a lot you can make in ark, from floors, walls, and ceilings to gates and generators. Modding is also a massive component to this game; if you ever get board from the base game you can simply add more mods from the massive selection of mods upheld by the community.
-[Controls]-
This game has pretty intuitive controls; but for new players the sheer amount of hotkeys this game has may be overwhelming at first; they can however be changed to whatever makes us most comfortable; this game works well with both keyboard and controller, but I personally use the keyboard.
-[Performance]-
This game can run relatively well on my system (I'm using a RTX 2070, and a AMD Ryzen 5 2600 6 core) on the highest graphics setting, and am able to hit 60 fps most of the time. On older PCs the game might have a hard time running. This game however has many settings that may improve performance by lowering. I wouldn't consider this game to be well-optimized as there are times when this game gets sluggish, like when having a lot of Dino rendered at one time.
-{Graphics}-
They are pretty good for a 2017 game. The graphics set to the highest look pretty great, but the graphics are extremely performance draining.
-{Multiplayer}-
There are quite a few avenues to play this game; you can play single player, or join servers hosted by others. As of writing this Studio Wildcard have shut down their official servers as a result of them working on the Unreal Engine 5 version. You can still create your own dedicated and non-dedicated servers other's can join using the in-game methods provided, or you can create an standalone server on your desktop that you and other's can join even without you playing the game. There are a lot of settings provided for server owners to fine-tune their player's experience. This for me is the best kind of way of playing Ark, with friends and family playing together.
-{Problems}-
As great as this game is; it is not without its problems. From bugs to strange yet funny physics, you can at times encounter problems. I've had problems with Dino's spawning in places they don't belong, or flyers getting stuck in the air. I have died a few times to unfortunate circumstances due to bugs. The Ichthyosaurus (Dolphin looking thing), loves to get itself beached floating above the water, so don't be surprised if you find some corpses above the water. The broken rag-doll physics are simply funny as they don't really affect you as the player. Dino's that are rag-dolling sometimes like to stretch in absurd ways creating a sort of spaghetti. Studio Wildcard has basically stopped supporting this game as they strive to work on Ark Survival Ascended, this means that bugs may no longer be fixed.
Overall an fantastic game with loads of content for many different types of play styles, the artwork is wonderful as well. I hope you found this review helpful. Thank you
Posted: April 15, 2023
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! GAME WON'T BE SUPPORTED PAST AUGUST!
The devs promised in January that we would be getting a free next gen upgrade. They just recently decided that they want to go back on their promise and try to force us to pay for a "brand new" (read same exact thing with an engine upgrade) game by dropping all official servers in august. You will only be able to play on official servers if you pay $59.99 again in August.
Posted: December 26, 2023
-make character
-spawn
-die
-spawn again
-grind
-die
-spawn again
-grind more
-tame dino
-die
-spawn again
-tame better dino
-fight boss
-die
-spawn again
-die to alpha
-delete
-redownload a few hrs later
-repeat
Posted: March 31, 2023
"With the launch of ASA at the end of August, we will sunset all Official Servers on Xbox, PlayStation, and PC for ARK: Survival Evolved – at that time, the final save-datas from the ARK: Survival Evolved Official Servers will be uploaded for players to re-host on their own servers or play in singleplayer/non-dedi, as well as slightly earlier snapshots. You will still be able to play on single-player, non-dedicated, player-dedicated, and unofficial servers. "
They are going to kill this game and want us to buy the same game a second time? This is after Jeremy tweeted that the unreal engine 5 update was going to be free for ark 1 (archive link because I bet Jeremy deletes the tweet https://web.archive.org/web/20230331222837/https://twitter.com/jeremystieglitz/status/1617365411510554624/. They also said wipes would not happen, the save data would transfer over. They are out of their minds.
Edited to fix the link.
Posted: November 25, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I played ARK. I met a man named Jigger Jaw. He was Level 13. I was level 2. We hit it off, and ended up becoming a tribe and hunting together. All was well. He made it to Level 14, I made it to Level 5. But then, I saw a supply drop, in which he said he thought it was Level 15 needed to unlock it. Sparking my curiosity, I told him I would check it out. He stayed at the campfire and told me to watch out for the snake and frog-like creatures. So I got to the supply drop, and I could open it! I got many useful crafting items. I turned back to go to our campfire, but red words of death appeared. Jigger Jaw had been killed by a Level 80 dino. Gasping, I ran back to camp to find him. His remains were nowhere to be found, along with his killer. I messaged him asking if he was around, but got no answer. He had left. Later I found his murderer around the beach, and knew I was not yet ready to face this foe. But I was ready to survive. For Jigger Jaw had taught me how to survive. How to live.
1000/10, friendships made
Posted: June 5, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
After many have tried, Studio Wildcards and associate dev-studios are trying to finally deliver us what we have all been craving for: A survival game with dinosaurs! ARK: Survival Evolved is pretty much exactly that, with an added twist of some unexplained sci-fi elements that all tie surprisingly well into the game. But is this Early Access title worth your money and time? Can we trust anyone after the Stomping Lands disaster?
ARK puts you in the shoes of a half-naked guy (or gal), stranded on the eponymous ARK, the island the game takes place on. You do get the option to customise your character, although like in many other games, anything but the smack center for most sliders ends up looking ridiculous (hugely muscled, giraffe-necked dwarf or super tall, onyx-skinned valkyrie?), but it is still nice to have the option to go down that path. It should be noted at this point that your characters will be server-specific, meaning you can have one on every server.
Your character will start the game with nothing to his or her name, true to the survival-game code. You will quickly learn the ways of a hunter-gatherer, as your first task will usually be picking berries and collecting stones. You can also punch trees to get wood, but doing so will damage you (a dig at Minecraft? I like to think so.).
Even at this early point, the world of ARK does not try to hide its inhabitants from you. Huge, prehistoric beasts roam free over most of the map and there is rarely ever a moment during which you cannot see at least one dinosaur from your location. Not all of these creatures are trying to kill you, however, some just try to live their life in peace. They may even fight each other, as the predators hunt for prey and the latter defends itself.
Players should quickly realise that most of the island's monsters are beyond their combat-capabilities and that they should steer clear of the particularly agressive ones dwelling on land, in the sea and even the air. To help the players deal with these threats and offer some sense of progression at the same time, ARK features a levelling-system. You gain XP at a steady rate over time, with a bonus for doing pretty much anything from gathering and killing to crafting and building. Levelling up will allow you to increase one of your attributes, as well as spend points learning a new crafting-blueprint. While you are barely able to craft torches and stone tools at the beginning of your adventure, later down the line you may pick up the recipes for weapons, buildings and more tools to help you survive. All blueprints cannot be unlocked until a very high level, so specialising in a select few while working together with other players online can be a huge benefit.
The unwritten goal in ARK, for most players, is to build a somewhat self-sufficient base for yourself and your tribe. Bases are built using a very simple and easy to understand system of square foundations with snapping walls on their four sides and flat roofs on top. Indeed, whoever has played Rust will immediately feel at home, as the whole game plays very much like it. This includes player's characters falling asleep and remaining in the world whenever their pupeteer disconnects, adding additional treat to potential raiders, who will be able to take all of your character's belongings even when you are not on the server. Of course, building a secure base will help combat this threat.
What sets ARK apart from Rust is its setting (frigging dinosaurs), its general artstyle (sci-fi-looking HUD and inventory/character screen), its graphics (looking seriously impressive) and the fact that you can tame your very own dinos! Instead of killing the giant murder-machines (or players), you can choose to knock them unconscious instead, beginning a rather lengthy taming-process during which you must keep the creature subdued while also feeding it its favoured food. Eventually, it will become your (and your tribe's) companion, able to aid you in combat, bear your burdens and even be ridden as a personal mount (works with flying dinos, too!). What more needs to be said, really.
Yes of course, the game has had a rather shaky launch into Early Access. According to the devs, they did not expect such a large resonance initially, which caused most official servers to crack under the pressure and lag. Also, the stunning graphics of ARK come at a price: Your hardware will suffer. At this point in time, you need a fairly beefy machine to be able to play ARK at a reasonable framerate. The devs are aware of this and are currently working on optimising the game to maximise FPS and minimise lag.
All of this was to be expected, really and is in no way reason to give ARK a negative review. In fact, the devs claim one of the reasons for the current performance-issues to be their initial focus on content, wanting to give players enough things to do ingame for Early Access, which I think speaks volumes about the good intentions behind this project.
Indeed, even for Early Access ARK offers a great deal of content and longevity through its progression-system and dinotaming-mechanics, with so much more planned for the future. The performance-issues are being tackled at the time of me writing this review and some first patches have already been rolled out, resulting in some great improvements for a lot of the players. I am very much looking forward to see more stuff added to ARK: Survival Evolved and I believe the very pleasant developers have the right ideas on how to steer it to success.
Posted: March 15, 2021
This game has taken my life. I feed my dinos more than my own kids. My wife has left me, gotta remove her from the tribe. Honestly 10/10 would get divorced again.
Posted: November 17, 2022
Ride Pteranodon,life good.
Pteranodon fight back.
Kill da Pteranodon.
Pteranodon gone.
Think about Pteranodon.
Regret..
True Story 10/10
Posted: July 9, 2021
By now you've probably read enough reviews both positive and negative and still can't decide.
This review is HOW to love this game like all those positive reviewers and avoid the bad experience of all those negative reviewers.
1. Don't do PVP until you've played the game a lot. Because the PvE of this game is really engrossing. Your first time playing you are going to be so focused on getting that next dino or upgrading your house that the PvP of all those 2k+ hours players with organized tribes are going to get in the way.
2. Don't do xp boosted servers. All these survival games eventually boost their xp rates. Currently the 1x XP rate of the default setting is actually x4 of the original game. If you like survival games, then you know a lot of the fun is learning new recipes and exploring and yearning to reach that next tier. At x4 xp rates, before you finish building your first house you're ready to build a tier 2, by the time you finish upgrading the whole house to tier 2, you're ready for tier 3. The game developers did a good job of making all the dinos good and useful. However some, are only really useful at low levels. If you level too fast you'll never have the joy of that first raptor or parasaur and the upgrade it gives you. Not only that, they added in explorer notes which give you huge xp boosts. So it's best to save them for later, especially since you might have a dino you want to level.
Don't be afraid to do the single player game. Keep in mind single player settings already have certain things boosted, such as baby growth rate and egg incubation rates.
I suggest a rate of 0.1, every ten levels you can increase the rate by 0.1 so at lvl 100 the rate is 1.0. This should give you a game experience of leveling at a consistent rate.
3. You gotta love hard games. This game is no cake walk. This is a game for people who think it's funny when your character is so starving their bones break. You're gonna die a lot. Don't get attached to things, everything is replaceable. Remember the #1 rule of Arkuistion: The Ark giveth and the Ark taketh away. After a thousand hours, you'll still die a lot, but at that point you'll know why! Just remember when you die, instead of blaming the game or imaginary bugs, think about what you could have done to prevent it.
4. Be careful of tier skipping. Remember #2 rule of Arkuisition: any quetzl is a good quetzl. It's tempting to get a max level quetzl, trike, or anklyo when you first have access. Now while you can spend a lot of work to do that, it's a lot of work you lose when the dino dies. And they always die, see rule #1. Many utlity dinos have their functionality at lvl 1, so you can easily tame a lvl 1 dino and get a lot of use. For example it can take a hour to harvest enough berries by hand to tame a high level trike, but like ten minutes to get enough to tame a lvl 4 trike, and that level 4 trike can harvest hundreds of berries in ten minutes. A level 4 quetzl can be equipped with a platform saddle that can make taming a max level one even easier than taming the first level 4 one.
5. Most "bugs" are either imaginary due to bad play style or varying the game from default settings. Don't run mods until you've gotten a feel for the vanilla game. Same with settings. People are afraid of feeding dinos or "waiting" for something but it's usually unnecessary. In fact if you feel tempted to increase taming rates, I suggest you instead increase food consumption rates. I put my consumption rates at x3, that way feeding my dinos is actually something I have to think about (x1 means feeding dinos is pretty meaningless), it also means kibble is important. If you increase taming rates you will end up making kibble meaningless which means you've eliminated an aspect of the game.
6. If you play with a friend, I suggest getting a private server. Between the two of you, you can get every engram (recipe) pretty easily. You should be able to accomplish anything as a duo. After 2k hours, you can easily solo stuff with enough planning.
7. Risk management. (i) When you take a dino out for a ride, be emotionally prepared to lose it (I don't use dinos I care about until I've made a back up egg). (ii) Don't double down unless you're ready for the loss. All that gear you lost when you died is replaceable, sure you can try to go back and get it but now you're doing so with less gear (I keep an emergency cabinet with the right amount of armor and supplies to do recovery runs), be prepared to lost that gear-but over time you WILL get better at recovering items. (iii) Fear the swamp, fear the caves, fear the snow biome- that's flavor country. Remember rule of Arkuisition #3: everything is disposable: your gear, your dino, your house, your life; refer to rule #1. (iv) You will lose some dinos you are trying to tame. A raptors favorite food is tames. However you can hedge your bets and avoid getting Arked if you wall off your tame with spiked walls, clear the area, you can even clear trees to increase your line of sight. Be paranoid and watch the skies for Argentavis who might like a nip at sleeping beauty.
It's a great game. Don't listen to people who got stomped by either pvp or poor play style. Also keep in mind there are SO many players that even if only 1% of them are whiners then you'll hear a lot of complaints. It's pretty obvious this game was a labor of love. If it was made by some other big name company there would only be 10-20 dinos and only 2-3 that were worth anything. But instead it' has over 100 and each dino is really good at the level you have access to them. Even at max level you're still gonna wanna pokemon many of them because their utility.
I hope this review puts you on the right track to getting the most out of this game. I've been gaming for several decades and this my favorite game.
***I have since tried the single player settings since writing this review and beat the boss, and i can say-the single player settings change so much it truly makes it a single player game, and is probably all you need if you do solo, duo, or trio (although I'd still lower the xp rate by a lot in the beginning)***
Posted: October 14, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
tl;dr — worth it, loved it, but I'm not very hardcore. 300 hours on record, 100+ of those with my kids.
And now, STORYTIME:
I love playing co-op games with my kids. When I looked at ARK: Survival Evolved (currently in Early Access on Steam) it looked like just such a thing. When I dug into it and learned that I could host a LAN server in my house, and edit The Island to be a bit less deadly and a bit more generous, went all in with my sons.
Before long I had all four of my kids playing with me, and each other.
Currently my girls are the heavy hitters, training mobs of small dinosaurs, and then marching them into harm's way. The game's A.I. spawns some tough beasts, but short of the epic boss battles (which we have not bothered with), and the Alpha T-Rex (which we haven't run into), nothing stands for long against Keliana's swarm of dilophosaurs and dimorphodons, or Gleek's hopping mob of giant frogs.
Keliana and I did run into a bit of trouble with our expedition from the north-east river mouth, but that wasn't her fault. I shall now tell you about it.
We attempted to bring 24 tamed dinos and one tricked-out crafting raft southwest through narrows and swamps. We discovered, after it was too late to turn around, that the size of our mob and the size of our raft made the trip extremely tedious. It didn't get dangerous until I got fed up and decided on a side trip.
My plan was simple. Ride Terry, my pteranodon who kept fouling the raft's travel, from our mob's location at the western edge of the Eastern Plains, east and south to a platform we'd been building in the middle of the Eastern Forest. There he'd be high, dry, and safe. I would then parachute back, timing my glide to get me most of the way to safety. It's a high platform, and I'd seen my son make that kind of glide before.
(Note: The logic that goes "I saw my son do a thing in a game so it is a thing I can now do" has never gotten me into trouble before, I swear.)
A dimorphodon named Zed was following me and Terry. Unfortunately, Zed fell behind, and I forgot he was there. I landed Terry safely, lined up my jump, and leapt back the way we'd come. My chute popped perfectly, and my glide was going to be LONG. Then Zed caught up, flew straight at me, and fouled the lines of my chute.
I dropped fast. Not killed-by-the-fall fast, but definitely short-of-my-goal-by-80% fast. I landed in a boulder-filled vale just to the west of the platform. The vale's only other major feature besides boulders was hungry carnivores. I emptied my shotgun into a 'raptor, then finished it off with a pike only to discover that a carnotaur had stopped quarreling with a pair of sabertooths, and was charging me.
Carnos charge in straight lines, and turn poorly. I used the terrain to my advantage, and attempted to lead him back into his sabertoothed foes. It worked perfectly, except for the part where they decided to share a meal. I now had three carnivores chasing me. I almost ran headlong into another sabertooth, but it leaped and I ducked, and then I kept running.
"Keliana, where are you?"
"North of that purple light. There's a cliff between me and you. You'll need to go around it."
I turned and checked to see how close pursuit was.
I screamed.
The game does a really good job of getting predators right. They don't roar or screech unless they're fighting. They come at you teeth-first, and quietly.
I had a perfect view of three sabertooths, one carnotaur, and behind them, just starting to take interest, a pair of tyrannosaurs who I may have run a bit too close to without noticing them.
"THERE IS NO AROUND!"
The nice thing about video-game cliffs is that if they're not sheer, sometimes you can cheat them, running sideways and down, and landing without having broken your bones. I did this, knowing that my pursuit could do the same thing.
I splashed through shallows at the base of the cliffs, and then saw that I was being charged from the front by a velociraptor. It was over.
Then I saw that the velociraptor had a saddle on it, and there was a woman in the saddle.
"I've got you, Dad!"
She and the mob swept past me. I missed what happened next, because it happened behind me. I did get game alerts telling me that my tribe's pets were killing things, but they went by too fast for me to count. I saw exactly zero flashing red alerts, which meant that Keliana had killed everything chasing me without taking any casualties.
That's my girl.
Are we playing this game the way it was meant to be played? If the online PVP tournaments are any indication, we're doing it all wrong.
I base-jumped into a pack of carnivores and got rescued by my daughter, who was riding a velociraptor.
Wrong is fine.

Posted: April 30, 2021
Ark Survival Evolved is a weird game, in that it has as many drawbacks as advantages.
Before I start listing those, let me state that this is not a game for everyone. If you intend to play solo, it can be quite challenging, unless you are an experienced survival gamer and a fan of the genre. The vanilla settings make the game quite grindy, so be prepared to watch some YouTube guides on which ones to tweak, and to what extent, to make the experience enjoyable. For more casual survival gaming, nothing beats playing with a friend (or several) on a non-dedicated server! There are enough things to do that it is possible to specialise in some tasks: let one be the builder, the other a "dino manager" and a third one a farmer, for instance. You get an XP bonus for being in the same tribe as well! I have no experience of PvP servers, but people say they are quite brutal.
When you first start the game, don't expect any kind of in-game tutorial. The "survival guide" linked on the game's title screen is separated into tabs, and is so basic, it's nearly useless. At least it does mention that the inventory and the crafting screen are in separate tabs on the character screen (a rather confusing arrangement, as it is possible to drag the crafting button onto your hotbar, instead of the item you've just managed to craft)... So the official Ark Wiki will become your best friend, supplemented by various beginner guides and tutorials on YouTube.
The other resource you wouldn't be able to manage without is the Steam Workshop, as the game is full of minor annoyances you'd want to remove via mods. Are you sick of your character looking like a Neanderthal who's been whacked on the head with a brick a few times? Install the "Jack and Jill" mod and feel like a human again! Is the default HUD too dim? There are mods which replace it (I use "Stat Bars"). Does the inability to pick up items (even crafting tables and mortar/pestle) annoy you to no end? Hello "Builder's Helmet"! Is dino management a confusing mess of radial menus? "Pet Manager" will make it bearable. Tired of doing the "naked corpse run" every time you die, just to pick up your stuff? "Death Recovery" is the solution! The mods on the workshop range from tiny tweaks to multi-GB maps, and from "cheats" to major overhauls that add dozens of new items or dinos to the game - truly something for everyone.
If Ark is so imperfect, why is it one of my favourite games ever? It's secret is simple - it's the undisputed King of emergent gameplay, even amongst other survival games. Me and my friend always plan our sessions in advance, but things seldom go according to plan. A few days ago, we've decided to go on a hunt to gather some hides for crafting. When we finally came back to base, we hadn't killed a single creature - but tamed three! During yesterday's session, we took some of our dinos on a taming expedition, trying to find the Ark equivalent of a dolphin. At long last, we returned without one, nearly drowned twice, survived a shark attack and had to rescue two of our dinos, which got stuck in trees on the way home. Did the expedition fail? If excitement and a sense of adventure are a measure of success, it was amazing! And that's why I love this game.
Posted: January 24, 2022
As someone who has nearly 6k hours on this account, and another 2kish floating around on my alt acc (For when I hosted my own server, an account for admin commands/ plus when my PC was broken and used my fathers steam to play **Switching accounts causes issues within the mods, causing them to corrupt and force you to uninstall/reinstall the game AND all mods**)
Here is a couple tips on what TO DO and what NOT TO DO.
Do: Take your time, test out the waters before you go in. Be aware of your surroundings ESPECIALLY when
you're taming a new dino-friend to join your Tribe!
Do: Play PvE! I cannot stress this enough if you are new! This will keep your items and tames **MOSTLY** safe from other players!
Do: Tame a male and a couple females for your egg farms. Also tame an Oviraptor for faster egg laying!
Do: Keep taming supplies on you 80% of the time, you'll never know when you see that sweet high level dino you've been searching for unintentionally!
Do: Carry extra food and water! You never know if you'll get side-tracked and starve-hunting means you can't heal or have to spend precious time gathering those bushes for food!
Do: Join alliances! you get your own ally chat, and it helps form relations with other tribes without having to hope for the best and hand all your items over. Tribes have been known to recruit you and all your belongings just to kick you out right after!
Do: Help out a player if they're having a rough time. If they're new, simply giving them a decent leveled Ptera, some food, basic metal tools goes a super long way! Don't give anything too crazy, though! It can kill the immersion and leave the game feeling bland because you just gave 5 max level wyvern eggs to some dude on the beach.
Do: If your server doesn't have one, build a community center! They offer a great place for meet ups and trades, and all around add a nice feeling to your server, especially if it's PvE, it gives a sense of unity and community.
Do: Share the wealth! If you and another member on the server are both Wyvern Egg Hunting, or looking for rare resources, don't be 'that' guy and steal all the eggs before they get a chance. If you're alone, it's best to pick up all the eggs so new, higher level ones can spawn! :)
DONT: Never! NEVER let someone YOU DONT KNOW into **YOUR** tribe. This is how you wake up either 100% foundation wiped, dinos stolen, resources stolen and precious, precious blueprints gone in the blink of an eye. **As a server owner, I cannot say how many times I had to deal with petty drama, namecalling and more because someone decided they didn't want to be in a tribe anymore and thought that all of the items belonged to them!**
DONT: Play PvP. Just don't. Save yourself the agony of waking up to someone have completely raided and foundation wiped all your hard work.
DONT: DO NOT PLAY OFFICIAL PVP AT ANY COST. I played 4k hours in official PVP. Just don't. Take my advice. Do not. You will get 500+ dinosaurs, Turrets and more instantly wiped from a chinese hacker on a level 1 ptera. Hacking and Duping is almost a given on every single Official PVP server.
DONT: Do not play any 'pay to win' PvP servers. I've seen many servers hand under the table rare resources, over leveled dinosaurs to Alpha Tribes because they slip money under the table or flat out purchase dinos/items from the shop. This leaves it to whomever has the biggest wallet and if you spend 10 dollars on a high level dino, you're wasting your time and money because they can just die at a moments notice. -- I have also seen admins take payment, give the dino or purchased item, then turn around and tell the Alpha Tribe to wipe you because you purchased something.
DONT: join servers that have the day set to always 1. Those end up being high rate servers with tons of players, especially high rate servers. You'll spend more time looking for a space to build than you will be trying to play the game. They also wipe frequently.
DONT: For the love of God and all that is holy. Never ever, never, and when I say NEVER, I really mean it. Never join 500x all or higher servers. Those are the most absolute clusterhell servers that entice spoiled brats who will attempt to lure and kill your dinos even in PvE for simply refusing to give them a single item.
Example: Spoiled kid who was ungodly rude and entitled demanded *not even ask* for me to give them a high level egg. I had told them no, next thing I know they (and on this server we had teleporting)- They teleported all of my dinosaurs *before cryopods/dino storage mod* into the ocean to drown. - And this isn't even the last time I encountered such entiled children.
Posted: July 7, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
UPDATE: This game holds the record for largest sized game that isn't released. Actually it holds the record for largest sized game period. Like why duh fug is it 108gb? even when it only downloads 30 it still allocates 108gb from my drive. And I have 100's of games. Used to be 200's until I wanted ARK back.
BEFORE YOU PLAY THE GAME
1.) Change inventory keybinding to Tab. Make console "~" Plays off very fluent.
2.) 5,000+ Negative reviews about optimization, You need more than just a great graphics card. This game is more CPU dependant, I'm using an old 550gtx card and runs pretty smooth and with custom video settings it looks just fine. Tweak with everything for a few minutes, you'll find a good enjoyable setting. Unless you're running an old IBM pc. (lol)
3.) Note that you can customize your character down to hand size, male/female, etc. My only downside is somehow I still look the same as everyone.
OFF TO THE GAMEPLAY
1.) Unique inventory system, you have a mysterious impant in your hand which is the HUD for everything. You learn how to craft everything without a single blueprint through engrams, which better items require certain higher level. There are blueprints to find for a shortcut, but you never Really need them. EDIT: Blueprints can be BETTER than just the original engram I.E higher armor or durability. Survival is basic eat/drink over time it decays like rust, etc.
2.) Supply Drops, (I assume everyone is a test subject sent to this planet and these drops are hi tech packages warped to the land by the Army/Scientist) are also unique rather than a box that falls from a random helicopter. They are level restricted from level 5 to level 45 (so far I've seen). Can drop nearly anything in the game. I.E. Level 5 drop gave me an entire 1 square house, door and all. Drops have a cool and unique item model and the way drops work is just sci-fi-ish and refreshing.
3.) Crafting is Very seamless, pretty much a basic system though, which works just fine for replayablity. Repairs are on the spot until you get better items then you'll use the Smithy. You can refine items so they won't break when you level higher.
4.) Weather system/Temperature is neat. You get hot and cold, leading to burning or freezing to death after a long while. So far I've only seen rain and heavy fog as far as precipitaion. Hopefully while server days pass and development continues We will see snow and disasters such as tornados, typhoons, etc.
5.) Combat. Let's be frank. Task Manager Says is all under processes = "Shooter Game" Basic swing and strike for melee. Iron sights for ranged. Online combat is sketchy due to ping. But Singleplayer/Local is very solid. There are multiple weapon attachments as well.
6.) Physics in the game are great, due to Unreal 4. But I will ADD THE FALLING DAMAGE NEEDS TO BE TWEAKED. At first I died nearly encumbered falling from maybe a 3 meter drop (thinking, oh I had alot on me it would hurt more). Only to die off the same drop being naked to get my gear back. So water, landscapes, foliage, all great. But FALLING DAMAGE NEEDS TO BE REDUCED.
7.) Dinosaurs (they are currently adding a multitude of species). Right now there are maybe a dozen different dinos and animals. Like a sabertooth tiger, mammoth, sharks etc. All very well produced and modeled. Sometimes pathing is a little bad, I kill T-Rex's and Bronto just because they get stuck in trees or up a mountain side. Other than that, all dinos attack as they should and look great doing so. The taming method is very tedious, but unique. If you USE a nonlethal weapon on a dino they will go unconsious, which will have a meter telling you how long, and also a meter bar for taming. You simply place the food in their "inventory" wait and protect. Simple yet tedious. Making saddles are level required as well. (i'm to the point in local-play to just "~ ForceTame")
8.) Building is best described as rust or h1z1. Simple place foundation and addon. Yet there are alot of extra things you can do, such as catwalks, ladders, water pipes to transport a water source 17423 miles away. Also pipes can help you find your way around areas (I used some as placements and arrows). There is a modern aspect to building as well. Such as air conditioners, refridgerators, lamps, turrets, all need to be powered by generator and electrical wires. So that's a grade A move, on my part. Also if you play online just simply beware, this is a survival game. Meaning people are psycho.
9.) Finally last and foremost, you can defecate, ♥♥♥♥, poop, take a number two, talk to a horse named john, pop a squat, and pick it right up to fertilize your crops (which is VERY nessecary in my case)
SO OVERALL
This game is still in development, it does have it's lower qualities, which I mentioned. BUT, I can see why this game is coming to my Xbox One and PS4, rather than Rust, Dayz (never happening), H1Z1 (who is really gunna play that?), or many other survival games. It is simply because this game has all of the qualities of a AAA game and showed them to a playable extent, which companies like Steam, Sony, and Microsoft will gladly support. And for people who have not been able to play the game. Buy it on your Next Gen console because "PC master race, right?"
Thanks to anyone who reads this long a$$ review. I've enjoyed the game, killed Broodmother and now resting as a humble Turok. I do think you should try it out before it is bought out by the $60 greedy game publishers. It is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ worth it.
Posted: March 17, 2020
For everything bad, there's something good. And many teeth.
-Overview-
ARK: Survival Evolved is truly unique game; there's nothing I've seen in the survival genre that explores the same concepts with the same level of detail.
Unfortunately, many of the good aspects of ARK are countered by bad aspects that range from inconvenient to plain infuriating.
🎮ARK can be played with both keyboard/mouse and controller.🎮
-Gameplay-
Basics:
ARK is a needs-based survival game, with hunger, thirst and health-affecting conditions such as temperature extremes.
Survival is not taken to such extremes as it is in some other games in the genre; there is no "wellness", "sickness" or "mental state" statistic for example. Debuffs such as temporary (a few seconds) blindness and slow can be applied to the player by certain creatures.
It must be said, however, that ARK is not forgiving. While the game tries to keep newer players in the safer zones, there is no tutorial and danger just might find you, with very little you can do to stop it. Getting killed often as a fresh spawn can be very demoralising, but those who push through will find themselves growing more powerful before long.
Dinosaurs!
The main feature of ARK is the player's ability to tame the various creatures roaming the world. From dodos to direwolves, sharks to giant eagles and spiders to ground-shaking titans, almost everything that lives on the ARK can be tamed, and in many cases, ridden into battle.
Whether your goal is to build an unstoppable army of teeth and claws or just enjoy your time with your loyal animal friends, ARK has got your back. Creatures are brought to life with a proficiency that gives them real personality and character.
Unfortunately, there were some very questionable design decisions made in the creation of certain creatures that have lead to some very cheap-feeling mechanics that don't seem to serve any real purpose other than annoying the player. Creatures stunlocking the player, or stealing and destroying items from their inventory, for example.
Creature A.I. is, unfortunately, a shortfall of ARK. Dinosaurs are dumb. For example:
If it's a predator, it'll attack almost anything the player owns regardless of how obviously suicidal such an action might be.
Some creatures will only attack if you invade their personal space - but they will walk into you.
Creatures trying to follow you will get stuck on things, and fail to pathfind around them.
These A.I. problems aren't a constant issue, but they happen often enough to get on your nerves sometimes.
Crafting:
No survival game is complete without a robust crafting system, and ARK is no exception.
There are just enough different resource types to keep the player progressing and vary their requirements, but not so many that a new player is overwhelmed.
Tiers of progression are clearly shown in the crafting system as the player unlocks stronger weapons, armour, building materials and useful devices, with each tier requiring harder-to-obtain materials.
Clothing, for example, ranges from simple cloth to glowing suits of sci-fi armour that allow one to breathe underwater and soar through the skies.
Building:
Bases in ARK can be built almost anywhere in the world and consist of parts (floor, ceiling, wall, etc.) that snap together. Players can build almost any size or shape of base they want, though the snapping system can be a real headache if one starts to get a little too creative with their base's shape.
Building at the base of a large waterfall 
A Screenshot of ARK: Survival Evolved
By: Spobbles
Combat:
ARK players will find themselves beset regularly with aggressive dinosaurs and the main line of defense is tamed creatures and craftable weaponry. Early-game options consist of basic melee weapons such as spears and primitive ranged weapons like the bow, with more powerful options such as firearms becoming available as the player progresses.
Even with high-quality equipment, players must still be very wary of powerful predators, and must use their speed and cunning to avoid becoming lunch.
Caves and boss fights are the end-game of ARK's PvE combat aspect.
Bosses are typically powerful mythical creatures with massive health pools and devastating attacks. Boss mechanics are simple; it essentially amounts to shooting the boss a lot until it eventually dies.
Caves are ARK's dungeons. They feature sprawling paths designed to confuse and force the player to explore to find the end goal; the cave's artifact. Caves are themed to their biome and contain corresponding enemies in large amounts and at high levels.
Level Design:
ARK's maps are beautiful and varied, featuring multiple biomes with corresponding creatures and challenges. I've had some of my best times in ARK simply exploring with my friends, walking through the forests, braving the frigid mountains or venturing down swampy rivers on a raft.
From frigid waters to towering forests to tropical beaches. 
A Screenshot of ARK: Survival Evolved
By: Spobbles
-Interaction-
Customisation/Personalization:
Basic body type and skin colour can be altered, as well as hair which grows as time passes, and can be dyed and styled.
Dyes can be crafted to colour items and paint freely onto players, creatures and certain objects with a brush.
Story:
ARK's story is not told to the player through any cutscene or audio track. Instead, players find snippets of writing around the world. These do make for quite an interesting story when compiled, but said story is not presented to the player by the game.
-Technical-
This game was played with the following PC specs:
Intel i5-4440 3.10 GHz
16GB DDR3 RAM
Geforce GTX 1650 Super 4GB
HDD
Visuals/Audio:
ARK is a truly gorgeous game that continually delights with its lighting, scale and detail. Creatures are modelled and textured beautifully, and have adequate animations to portray a real sense of them being living, breathing entities.
ARK: Survival Evolved 
A Screenshot of ARK: Survival Evolved
By: Spobbles
This visual splendor has a cost. Using the specs listed above, I get an unstable but tolerable 60fps on a mixture of medium/high settings, though my GPU gets very hot. Hotter than while playing Assassin's Creed: Odyssey, The Division 2, or any other modern, demanding game I've played.
Audio design, while not stunning, is high quality and perfectly adequate. Creatures sound believable, ambient audio is pleasant and music contextually appropriate.
Mod Support:
ARK has excellent mod support via the Steam Workshop. Gameplay alterations/improvements and content additions make up the bulk and I strongly recommend making use of it.
Issues:
I started playing ARK in 2016 when it was in early-access. Since then, plenty of content has been added, yet a multitude of early-access problems are still present.
The aforementioned A.I., creatures spawning inside of and moving through solid rock walls in caves, third-person weapon models being ridiculously oversized, dinosaurs constantly getting stuck on each other's wonky collision boxes, the list goes on.
Simply put, playing ARK feels like playing an early-access game.
-Summary-
ARK is a unique, enjoyable game with a thriving playerbase and excellent mod support, but playing it still feels just like it did back in 2016.
The feeling of a good game that isn't finished.
This review comes courtesy of the R³ curator.
Posted: January 26, 2022
a group of players forced me into a corner and made a pair of triceratops fornicate on top of me and i was forced to watch the entire process. They named the first born after me
Posted: January 9, 2021
When the game is fun it's really fun.
When the game is bad it's really bad.
There is no in between.
Posted: May 10, 2021
Ruined my life... Still fun to play
Posted: January 16, 2021
Buggy as hell, Dinosaurs constantly munching your face, and the worst first 10 minutes of a game ever.
I can't stop playing it.
Posted: January 26, 2023
Playing this game is an abusive relationship
Posted: October 29, 2018
I have been playing this since February and I still come back to it night after night, with close to 2500 hours and still rising. This game is fun and easily interactive and very immersive. I'm a 58 year old single woman and this game helps my ability to strategize and socialize and think ahead and most important, it's just plain FUN!!
Posted: May 22, 2022
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Poop Enjoyers
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☑ You'll need a second (and possibly third) life for grinding
---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
☑ ARK: Survival Evolved
Posted: June 16, 2016
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Well I have put in over 1,000 hours into this game so I don't need to tell you that I enjoyed the game, but I will anyway.
Before I dive into the actual game I want to talk cons.
This game requires fairly constant attention if you play with other people. On Lan servers/Solo play this is not as much of an issue, but there are timers on a lot of things that will reset if you don't play often enough. Buildings will be able to be destroyed/auto demolished after a certain number of days. After a set number of days pets will become claimable (this allows other players to take your pets before they starve to death), and then if left unclaimed they will starve to death. If you don't have time and/or a lot of friends to play with it may be hard to keep up with the timers. Thatch houses give you 3 days, Wood gives about 7. pets are usually claimable at the time that wood buildings are allowed to be demoed (PVE) without attacking (PVP). On Private servers/solo play these can be turned off and some are automatically turned off, but in official servers they are unchanging.
Now on to pros.
I love how open this game is. I can do what I want, when I want, and wherever I want. If I want to build a castle on top of a mountian I can do just that. If I want to tame a T-Rex, or Quetzalcoatlus (giant flying reptile) I can simply set my sights on that and tame one. I would reccommend starting on an official PVE server and learning the ropes from the helpful sorts that tend to gather there before heading over to any PVP servers. If you start on a PVP for the first time don't be surprised if players destroy your "loot pinata" (house built with easy to break materials like thatch and to a much lesser degree wood) for the easy and free items they can get out of the building.
Keep in mind this is a survival game. However, unlike some survival games ARK does not penalize you if you die. If you die and don't find your equipment after a while your equipment will disapear, but everything else you have built will not (unless there was a giga attacking your base camp, even then you keep all of your level ups and engrams so it is a lot faster to rebuild.) Go into this game expecting to die. If you are not dying on a regular basis before you reach level 20-30 you are either lucky or have had help. Joining a tribe can help make it easier to stay alive, but is not necessary (I got my first character to level 70 with around 100 pets before I joined my first tribe). I am now on my fourth character (I got bored of demolishing everything on the island with my pet gigas on 3 of the prior 4 and 1 of them I accidentally deleted).
Also keep in mind that this game is not yet complete. There will continue to be changes made to the game until it is officially released, so be warned that the game is not optimised (may run slow/not at all on mid cost computers), and there are going to be glitches and or things that break between now and completion. We are here testing the game to help them find game breaking bugs, so be sure to report any that occur.
There are quite a few mods for this game, and many of them are great. I would however reccomend taming all the way up to at least a T-Rex before you start to mod the game. Some of the mods take away from the over all gameplay.
Hope my review is helpful, and I wish any who play good luck. FYI Official PVE servers are probably the best starting locations for new players.
Posted: June 1, 2021
dinosaurs poop in this game
edit: dinosaurs poop AND have sex in this game
edit 2: they banned me from the community hub because i commented "i eat sand" on their black history month post for being off-topic lmaooooo
Posted: December 18, 2021
dinosaurs poop
Posted: September 8, 2022
My legs broke from being hungry
Posted: February 28
Still better then ASA
Posted: June 26, 2020
I'm not going to say anything about the gameplay. Frankly, if you want to try it and have an extra Terabtye of storage space, pick it up when is goes on sale for $10 (Because IT REGULARLY GOES ON SALE FOR %80 OFF). Do not buy it for full price.
Posted: August 29, 2019
Ark is a game difficult to describe.
At first, I didn't like it. "Wow these are big rocks. OH DAMN THAT ONE HAS TEETH. *bleh* Oh damn, it's cold out, and dark. Why am I punching trees? What are those glowy things over there? Why am I doing any of this?"
Then, I watched a video series on it with some entertaining folks (Neebs Gaming), and realized how much more there was to the game. I returned to Ark.
I built a stone house, I built walls. Ok, I feel safe now. I knocked out a thing! Now it's my friend. Ok this is kinda cool.
I kept going until I got some decent weapons, took to the air with flying dinos. Found some ruins with notes, found out there is a story. Overseer? Prime species? There is a reason my wrist is bedazzled? Once I realized there was a DEPTH to the game beyond pooping yourself frequently and bloodying my hands on some trees, I was hooked.
Give yourself time to be hooked. Find the right settings for your system. Tame something, give it a name. Protect them with your life, and mourn their loss. You will find what ark means to you if you give it enough time.
All the flowery stuff aside, it's a diverse game with lots to do, and more so if you have an imagination. Build, expand, create an empire. Leave the Ark, then realize what the ark really is.
Posted: December 7, 2019
Playing this game is like an abusive relationship, its great in the start, you build it up and gather dinos to tame and you love them with your heart, you give them names and you form a strong bond.
You expand your base and you're proud of your work and so you should be! you did all this by yourself.
then it happens...
you start to feel drained, chipped away, you did all this work and did your dinos help? nah fam, they watched you do it all.
You travel out on your favourite companion and fight side by side, nothing can stop you but then...something happens...either you lose connection or time out or press a button by accident and you either watch your partner die or you come back to you dead...you lost your stuff, your partner, your hope...everything. It drains you mentally and emotionally.
So you get the courage to leave, good for you, you have a new chapter in your life and you're happy...but then one day...like all of us...you come back and do it all over again.
TL;DR Ark is good game, ride dinos, its like crack you become addicted, say goodbye to your life
1000000/10 would recommend

Posted: June 13, 2018
This is a wonderful world to spend some time in. I'm not talking about the multiplayer mode, never tried it.
If you are like me and you don't want internet morons to ruin your roleplaying experience, I can tell you that as a singleplayer experience this game is more than worth the investment!

Posted: January 26, 2018
Summary:
ARK: Survival Evolved is one of those games that can be difficult to decide on purchase due to the polarizing opinions you will often see from the community. This title is for people who enjoy an unforgiving survival experience, deep craftng/progression systems and building. But most of all, it is for those of us that light up with a smile and hear Jurassic Park music in our heads because we love dinosaurs so much. ARK is quite possibly one of the most ambitious games I've ever engaged with when you look at the various systems at play (food/water, resources, taming, etc.). I'm hoping that this review will serve as a fresh assessment on the game, considering that I purchased at the end of 2017 when it had already been released out of early access. I haven't had the opportunity to become jaded through these release cycles, and look at this purely based on my experience as a working title now that I have sunk enough hours in to feel comfortable on this review. While I realize in retrospect that the publisher released a paid expansion onto the game before it was even a fully released game, my experience tells me that the core game by itself will give you far more hours than most games on the store.
Pros:
DINOSAURS!! I don't think I'm alone in my infatuation of dinosaurs. Jurassic Park movies now span across several different age generations, and I'm near positive that regardless of your background or culture, there might have been a few plastic dinosaurs around your house when you were a kid. The excitement you receive as a new player when seeing your first dinosaurs is something truly special and would often strike awe. Whether it's the first time you see a brontosaurus towering above you or the first time you get mauled in the face by a raptor, there are always memorable moments. There are 167 creatures with assuredly more to come, so there is plenty of opportunity to find new curiosities if you like to explore.
The crafting system will both shine as a pro and a con, but it has certainly been one of the more enjoyable aspects of the game for me. For transparency I have played some PvP on official servers, but a majority of the time on my account so far has been on my private server with a few friends. Once you add in some of the Workshop mods for the game such as Structures Plus+, the possibilities for your imagination really open up with what is possible within the game...I even started to build my own castle using a different mod.
The ability to cater to so many different types of players is certainly something that should be noted. With the ability to play on either PvE (Player vs Environment) or PvP (Player vs Player) official servers, as well as host or pay for your own private servers, really opens the options up wide for what type of game experience you want. Would you rather build an amazing base and tame dinosaurs, or use your dinosaurs to try and conquer against other players? This in addition to mod support from the Steam Workshop really allows this game to be the kind of experience you prefer to play if you are creative enough.
Similar to the crafting it will serve primarily as a pro, but with some con listed below. Beyond that disclaimer lets be honest, this game is gorgeous. The game is running UE4 using a lot of assets from the UE4 workshop which has probably made the game easier to scale into it's ambitious state. There are moments where I'll just stop and look at at a vista or look up at the sky for a moment to take it all in.
Cons:
Do you have a good computer? No but seriously...do you? This game is an absolute beast to run with settings turned up. Part of this is because of the sheer expansiveness of the environments they have crafted, some of this could probably boil down to optimization. Running a 1080ti I can do most games at 4k resolution (if not slightly tweaked down), but running this game on epic is beyond being an option. If you fall into column B and know that your computer might not be up to snuff, you will either have to enjoy potato graphics settings, or may not like the experience at all.
Snap points and terrain/mesh issues become a very common occurrence during your playtime in ARK, and one that will infuriate you some days and on others just annoy you. As long as you have a good attitude most of these things can be funny as long as you have the philosophy that nothing is sacred in ARK, and that you might lose everything including dinosaurs in a single moment. Regardless of how you cope, be prepared to lose a few hours here or there because a dinosaur got stuck in a tree or a rock. Also be prepared to yell at your monitor when building sometimes, because a piece will just simply refuse to go where you want it to. Beyond this the game has it's fair share of bugs as well, but the sheer scope of the game and the fun you can have at the very least make this more redeeming.
I would say that this would be rather specific to the type of player that I am, but PvP can be very difficult for a casual player on official servers. In a younger stage of my life I avidly played MMOs and would graciously spend my waking life at the PC, and there will be an audience of players that are in fact looking exactly for this. Unless you are able to secure joining a large tribe of players and or play a large amount of time, you're living in ARK will be "humble" to say it nicely. While I still enjoy what time I have played PvP and do plan on playing more soon, I could see this being a punishing aspect for newer or more casual players. Metas may become frustrating, and some of the reasons that I'm not upset with the developers on, may instead be something you are upset about in this situation. As a lone wolf you can still have fun in the game on a public PvP server, provided you do not want to complete all the content.
Conclusion:
For people who have not played ARK and are considering to pick-up this title, seriously don't fret over the mixed reviews. The base game will provide you more hours of content than 98% of games on the Steam store, and the season pass could potentially provide you just as much. Play the game in the ways that you enjoy having fun, if you aren't enjoying yourself you are probably doing it wrong. Choose PvP vs PvE based on your needs and play style, and if you get really bored just spin-up your own server and start having some mod and admin fun! I would suggest this game to anyone who likes a challenging experience, enjoys progression and enjoys an open world with beautiful attractions.
If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group: Follow Original Curator Group
Posted: January 8, 2018
It's been over two years and 3000 hours since I first started to play ARK. I've seen the good, and the bad, and the what the hell. I've seen the angry folks who can't forgive any misstep, the people who bend over backwards to defend the developer, and everyone in between that just wants to play the damned game. It's hard to talk about the game without talking about the development cycle so here's the preamble: This was an Early Access game. It had a checkered past of being filled chock full of bugs (falling through the map when logged out, for example), running at least a year longer in development time than intended, and putting out a paid DLC expansion while still in development. These are all things that have happened.
Now, with that out of the way, yes, I recommend ARK. With caveats.
Quite a few, actually.
You see, what first got me here, and might be getting you here, is the notion of taming dinosaurs. And let me tell you, I still love riding a rex and eating things. I love having a grouping of dinos that are just . . . mine. I grew up loving dinosaurs. I still love them. What kept me here is that plus building. I love building. It's fun to make things, giant things, pretty things, fantastic things. But, what enables these things in a way that makes them enjoyable are (A) mods. Lots of mods. (B) an unofficial server (C) reasonable people to play with, regardless of PvE or PvP.
Let's hit up the main game experience first. You load into your chosen world, and are prompted to create your version of a dude or a lady, then, when finished, you spawn in, naked but for some undies laying somewhere on a beach or the jungle. And then, almost immediately after, you are eaten. You may or may not even see your attacker. You spawn again. This time, you get a good look around (and almost assuredly turn down your graphical settings; the game has been optimized but it's still overly demanding) and you get to see the raptor running at you before being attacked by the rest of the raptors following that one, and boom, dead again. You spawn in a third time and, assuming you aren't on a PvP server where griefers reign, you will live. You see a few wandering creatures, and you start picking berries from bushes so you don't starve. Hitting trees for thatch. Picking up stones from the ground. Now you have a stone pick, a building plan you start with, and you can start to harvest rocks. And then a dilophosaurus spits on you, blinding you while it eats you. You spawn in again, and once again are naked and tool-less. You can now choose: run to your corpse to retrieve your belongings, or start anew. Here's what you'll keep if you die: your experience, and your “engrams” building plans that you have personally memorized. Anything and everything else can be lost. Dinosaurs, buildings, items, anything. If you're on PvP, the you ARE setting yourself up for potentially losing hours to days to even months of work in the possible blink of an eye. On PvE, you only lose the items on you when you die, your dinosaurs to other dinosaurs, or structures to rampaging beasts that detect you or a tamed dino, which they apparently find super interesting and immediately tasty, and they will chew through your house to get to the meaty treat inside. That means a sufficient wall will keep those out. There are ways to safeguard, but the potential for loss is always there.
Now, on to the points. There are free official map “mods”, and the best of those, visually, is one called Ragnarok. The original Island is fine for starting out on, but Ragnarok has a bit of everything, including a smattering of most of the things from Scorched Earth, the DLC expansion they released during development. There are also building and decoration mods, Structures + being the most well known, so well known that Wildcard themselves have decided to implement features of that mod into the base game; it includes a variety of quality of life features that allow for easier building as well as automation of some of the more tedious farming and upkeep requirements. There are decorative mods, the most robust being eco's series of mods. There is a rather in depth building mod for medieval style building called Castles, Keeps, and Forts, which allows for a different style and look over the original materials. There's even mods to speed along the taming times by causing hunger while simultaneously delivering torpor. If all this seems like a lot to cover, it is, at first. You may or may not be better off trying ARK in single player to test it out vanilla first, but sooner or later, you'll want a server, because this game isn't built nor balanced for single player.
When you pick servers, if you happen to be a masochist, I'd suggest choosing an official server, which will have default tame times and harvesting ratios and the whole thing will take you a while. If you hate yourself, choose an offical PvP server. Otherwise, I heartily suggest finding a friend, an acquaintance, or just picking at random and signing in to an unofficial server. See, those servers can change taming times to be more reasonable. There are dinosaurs that, without the super master taming food, can take upwards of 8 hours, depending on the level. This is reasonable only if you have a tight knit group willing to take shifts to tend to the creature. Even in PvE, a wandering meat eater of some kind can happen upon the unconscious dinosaur and ruin the tame. It can be even harder/worse with “passive” tames, where you toss it food and then wait as it wanders, possibly coming in contact with all manner of dangerous creatures. A server with altered stats for taming, harvesting, breeding, and more is in my opinion a must for full enjoyment of the game past the mark of a week.
Which I feel leads me to the last point, if you join a server where there are griefers, PvE or PvP, you're gonna have a bad time. PvP griefing is obvious, but even worse is the PvE griefer which builds items to block spawns, and then continues to check in so their built roadblocks don't decay. You will need to find reasonable folks, regardless of your preferred playstyle (unless that playstyle is griefer, in which case, I dunno man).
With those three things taken care of, the game will be a wonderful experience. 2000 of those 3000 hours I've played have been on modded, changed stat maps in PvE, and it's why I've played as long as I have.
Also, as a note, though this game has offically been launched, it is still under development. They are revamping some of their earlier creatures, putting out new DLC, and they patch it constantly. The game as-is is over 100 gigs of information on a hard drive. You'll need several gigs more if you want mods. It doesn't run well on low end machines, I doubt it's ever going to be optimized for them. Also, find an active server, otherwise you're waiting on the admin to update the server for way too long.
Happy hunting, and tame a rex for me, survivors.
Posted: June 4, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is one of the best survival games I have ever played and it's only in early access right now. There is already a ton of content and the game looks beautiful. There are a few bugs here and there and the game still needs to be optimized for better performance (Devs said this is in progress already) but right out of the gates, this game is amazing.
There currently is no tutorial for what to do or how to progress but it's a survival game so it's fun to learn the hard way, especially when the hard way means getting your body gnawed on by dinosaurs. When you first join the game you are welcomed by a character creation screen. You can choose either Male or Female and then customize your look. The customization is a little sparse at the moment with some awkward scale adjustments for the body. After fiddling around with it for a while, I just ended up going with something very close to the default look.
Once you create your character and choose one of 4 general areas to spawn (North/South/East/West) you find yourself waking up on a beach and scratching your arm that has some weird implant in it. This implant seems to be the key to how you manage your inventory, crafting, and leveling up. The first thing you will notice when you start on your beach is just how good this game looks and it is truly beautiful. The sun is beating down onto the beach where the water meets the sand. The trees in the richly detailed forest sway in the wind and the grass and foliage cover the landscape before you. So much vibrant life all around you and then you see the dinosaurs.
The dinosaurs are very detailed and bring a since of awe to the game just like the first scene you see in Jurassic Park. Luckily you see mostly herbivores but do be careful because there are some small carnivores you can run into on the beach as well. It seems that the most dangerous wildlife can be found more inland. That isn’t to say that these herbivores are pushovers. That triceratops or giant turtle will most likely kill at this point in the game, so don’t attack them just yet.
You begin your hard life of survival punching some trees and picking up rocks until you can craft your first pickaxe and move on from there. You can collect berries and fibers from the plant life, bash giant boulders to smithereens, and chop down any tree. You will need all of these materials to craft better items, starting with some clothes to cover up your nakedness.
This brings us to experience. You gain experience throughout the game from doing any action. Collecting materials, crafting, and combat all add to your experience pool. If you are in a tribe you gain bonus xp from your tribe mates. Once you level up you get to choose one stat to increase permanently (health, stamina, attack, weight, etc…) and then you earn some engram points to use towards learning new items to craft. The more you level, the stronger you get and the more you learn to craft. So far this is the only way to learn recipes for crafting.
This is a survival game as well so you have to keep an eye on your overall health. You can’t let yourself get too hot or cold, clothes, fire, and water help with this. You can’t let yourself starve so you need to forage for berries and hunt the wildlife. With eating comes defecating so make yourself regularly take a dump or your character will just act like a horse and take it anywhere they please. Actions require stamina and your character will tire if the stamina is depleted. You need to stay hydrated as well so go dunk your head in some water or craft a flask. If you take an excessive blow or fall from too high you will break a bone and walk at a snail’s pace so do be careful.
You can hunt the dinosaurs in this game but you can also tame and even ride some of them. This process can be long depending on the dinosaur you wish to tame so be prepared before you do so. You basically either punch or shoot them with sling shots/arrows until they get knocked unconscious. Once unconscious you need to load them up with their respective food type (berries for herbivores, meat for carnivores). Make sure you have narco berries to feed them as well so that they can stay under for the entire time it takes. Some dinosaurs take a single in game day to tame while others can take multiple days. It is always easier to tame a dinosaur with a group of friends. If you have learned the ability to craft that dinos saddle, then you can also ride them to your heart’s content.
This also brings us to the multiplayer interaction. This is a survival game so banding together with others increases your odds of survival. You also have to be weary of those who don’t have your welfare in mind and are only looking out for themselves. If you can band together you can create your own tribal town with dino protectors and likeminded players. This will also protect you from those looking to do harm. When you log out of the game your character goes to sleep and is vulnerable. If you have friends and tamed dinos, this makes it safer to log out when you are done.
There is so much to this game and it is only in early access. The devs have promised a plethora of more content to come and I am looking forward to all of it. For now I will try and do my best to survive this harsh world. My next goal is to tame a raptor and ride him/her… if it doesn’t kill me first…
Posted: December 6, 2021
good game, make dino sex, dino inbreeding, make dino stronger, get strong dino kill big spider play more dino sex sim until kill man with lots of tentacles in spaceship with funny fish lions
Posted: November 28, 2023
It's a glitchy and broken mess, but it's my glitchy and broken mess.
Posted: July 17, 2021
game will ruin your life must play
Posted: May 28, 2023
Edit (P.S) : The news is just getting worse from here... Imagine owning Ark and somehow finding a way to run out of money. With million dollars in-debt, asking for 4 million to finish up their stuff. Snail games is going to push Ark Survival Ascended as hard as possible to make back 20% of that income.
Snail games really needs to go.. Wildcard in the beginnings of ARK fought hard to ensure no in-game store and real money needing to be put into playing the game despite Snail Games wanting it but Ark's CEOs even threatened resignation to prevent that from being added to their game.. Snail games is such a corrupt and disgusting company. Wildcard unfortunately is being ruined and punched down because they also need to conform to Snail Games to some degree. It's clear they have now become confused, lost, and incapable of giving off any information like they are in an NDA. It really does feel hopeless..
Studio Wildcard. I hope you make the right decision going forward and somehow escape the grasps of a greedy, immature, and awful management company such as Snail Games or fight as hard as you can for the better of YOUR (even if its owned by Snails) game. Ark being my all time favorite game, something I grew up with as a kid, still love as an adult. Always returning back to and never failing to return back to despite taking breaks. I want to see this game be well and stay well. Which means, for as long as Snail Games continue to ruin the studio, the game, the community. I will not be supporting anything from Wildcard from this point forward.
However this is where I end my review. With no additional comments to make, no updates. As I have lost hope and will just continue to hold the old Ark and enjoy it on my own time. Forgetting anything to do with Wildcard's creations coming into the future for as long as Snail Games is in control or anyone corrupt.
Thank you Wildcard for making such a fun game that stayed and will stay with me. I wish you good luck.
Reference:
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
I am genuinely gutted. Ark Survival Evolved was and still is, in many ways, one of the only games I still enjoy and play from time to time. It has been in my life for years and is one of my favorite games, and in fact, IS my absolute favorite. I WAS excited for any updates in regards to Ark or even a new game such as Ark 2 or ASA.
Forget it.
Wildcards and Snail Games business practices are abysmal. Snail games is truly to blame.
- Somehow these developers are unable, despite receiving over 1.3 billion dollars in revenue, to update Ark Survival Evolved to UE5 for free when they stated it will be for free but then take that back. Where did all this money go to?? For what?? How?? When other games have done this upgrade for free because they managed their money correctly by saving some of their money in revenue for the possibility of upgrading. Right. Ok. Let's be honest, why would we expect triple A game devs to give anything for free these days BUT... wait until you read the below:
- ASA is SIMPLY a Ark Survival Evolved Remastered. Everything more or less the exact same but graphically different, with some different improved models. Yet we are being forced to pay for EVERYTHING all over again? IN FULL PRICE. Everything meaning, buying every single DLC individually again. Having to purchase Ark 2 ON TOP of that because they are unsure how well it will sell considering many who play Ark are not happy with the change of a permanent third person, souls-like sounding game with the Ark name slapped on it.
Pulling this chart from a video that I will link. The price outcome is:
ARK Respawned Bundle:
ASA and Ark 2 = $49.99
ASA Explorer's Pass = $19.99
ASA Genesis Pass = $19.99
Total: $89.97 + New ASA DLC Pass ($19.99) making the new total: $109.96
Amended Package:
ASA and All DLC = $59.99
(Explorer's + Genesis Pass + Main Game)
Ark 2 (maybe) = $29.99 (early access) or $59.99 (full price)
Total: $119.98 + New ASA DLC Pass ($19.99) making the new total: $139.97
BUT WAIT, you need to include the price of possible Premium Mods and possibly skins. That adds EVEN MORE money to the total.
Credit to Nooblets:
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
I would genuinely like to know who it personally is coming up with these prices in addition to these ideas because this is absurd and ridiculous. Straight up feels like a massive scam/money grab and nothing more. Especially for one of them, being a game we have ALREADY paid for and some of us having already purchased ALL the DLC individually.
- One thing many are aware of or you personally may not be, allow me to inform.. Wildcard is shutting down OFFICIAL servers for Ark Survival Evolved. Erasing hardcore players whether PVP or PVE is concerned, families, and massive communities who have stuck and grown within the official servers for years. We are talking way over the 4k-8k hours into a game because it requires a lot of attention, participation, and consistency to stay alive and maintain everything within the online official servers. Imagine shutting down a completely healthy community and game that still continues to play years later to be shut down for the reasons above. To sell a new game which has no solid progress besides concept art. Amazing.
Let's just hope it doesn't come out like Atlas or Light and Dark.
So any idea of possibly finding your community in Ark Survival Evolved NOW, because everyone joins or finds games at different times or maybe you just weren't able to afford it for awhile, perhaps forgot or never got to it. Now it is not even worth bothering to find your community and create anything because this game is being cut entirely from its multiplayer features except for if you are lucky enough to have friends and create your own dedicated/undedicated servers or bare the fear of joining a unofficial server in the possibility that one day it may shut down especially if perhaps the popular unofficial servers may not be it for you.
- Lastly, another topic going around with shown proof is the Ark devs/Snail games having given their tribe mates admin rights within official pvp servers in which they have the power to abuse, and caught on film, to restart the server to roll-back the server to prevent their losses on PVP against a tribe who is raiding and playing FAIRLY. Then banning 90% of the tribe claiming they are hacking when it was recorded entirely and shown there was no hacking involved. This is corruption.
This corruption is also unacceptable on its own but can you imagine, they (Snail games) are also creating a new blockchain game in which MAY require people to INVEST money into this game. How is it possible to treat Snail games with trust which they so easily are giving admin commands to untrustworthy people that willingly abuse these powers? I certainly wouldn't.
Just these things alone, no matter how much you love Ark, should ABSOLUTELY deter you from wanting to support such practices and purchasing these new games that are directly funding these practices, encouraging these practices, and finally are legitamently (except the admin abuse) is seemingly the exact reason these practices exist. If you still somehow are so willing to throw in money, at least, be careful and save your money until there are promising things shown.
Personally, Ark Survival Evolved will be the only game I will continue to enjoy solo and the only game I will hold from this company. I will pass on everything else until there is a massive change and promising things shown and I encourage for you all to be careful, and stick up to keep companies responsible, transparent, and proper.
Please check out Nooblets on Youtube which has broken down a lot of the information in which I wanted to share within this review because it disgusts me AND please check out H.O.D on Youtube for the full proof of the admin abuse.
Posted: April 15, 2022
this game eats at your very soul until you are nothing but a husk. Buy it.
Posted: November 6, 2020
there do be dinosaurs
Posted: September 1, 2021
over 5100 hours this game its basically dead to me, boring af...///tengo 5100 horas este juego para mi esta basicamente muerto y esta aburrido...
just kidding this game helped me when i broke my back and played while i was in bed for 4 years without being able to walk.. now im all great i got my life back now i barely play it offline great memories with the tribes i met and played
Posted: January 11, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
At the time I write this, I have put about 3500 hours into this game. I have been playing it for over a year now and have had a lot of ups and downs. I play on a PvP server and I have had everything I had taken from me and all my tames killed many times. I have worked my way back up over and over and have managed to secure my tribe as a beta tribe on a server and am in an alliance with the alpha tribe.
Then Wild Card dropped Scortched Earth and the ability to transfer players and items into the server I play on. My server did everything we could to protect ourselves and it paid off. Then Wild Card made all the supply drops not effected by structures so they would still drop. So, we blocked them all off with vaults. Now Wild Card made it so the drops land on top of anything under them. We don't have any defense against that.
Why are we worried? Because for the better part of the last year, many servers have been taken over completely my mega tribes. Tribes that regularly hit server cap with who plays on the server. Who farm servers of all their resources and have been unchecked because no one could farm enough resources to fight them on their own servers. Now that they can travel from server to server, they are slowly working their way through all official servers and wiping the servers of everything.
For people like myself who have dumped litterally thousands of hours into this game, we are doing all we can to defend, but we can only do so much as we can't be online all day everyday. With the servers not being region locked, we have Chinese, Russian, and Australian tribes coming to our server during peak times for them, but the early morning hours for us. Meaning, we have no one on to defend what we worked hard to make. We now have to work in shifts, like it is a job, to defend what we have, all because Wild Card decided to open the arks up and have the players wipe the servers for them.
When a large server falls, most of the players quit playing the game. They move onto something else. That is good for Wild Card, because then the servers become low population, so they can repurpose them or remove them and that saves them a lot of money. They already made all they will make off of the players currently playing. So, if they remove us, they can save on server costs and use that for more advertising to get more unsuspecting players into the game.
Overall, Wild Card doesn't listen to their players unless those players are praising how great the game is. The players that riducule the game, are ignored or banned due to rule violations. Wild Card doesn't know what they are doing in terms of making a game that isn't completely broken nor do they know how to have a conversation with their player base that isn't just the positive things about the game. They refuse to hear or even acknowledge there is anything wrong with their game and that is a huge problem.
Bottom line, only get this game if you're going to play on unofficial servers or you like logging in and finding that everything you have is gone, yet again, and you get to punch a tree and start over.
ADDED February 02, 2017:
I mainly talked about the PvP on Official servers in the review above, so I am adding the other ways to play the game here to hopefully give a more well rounded review.
Single Player is nice as well, but nothing is persistant. So you need to increase a lot of rates in single player to make it fun. Like, at stock, if taming something takes 6 hours, you need to be logged into the game for 6 hours to tame it. If you exit, that timer pauses. Breeding anything becomes too cumbersome without increasing rates because 4 real life days that pauses when you exit the day is just not possible. Unless you want it taking 2 weeks to raise one thing. I just use single player as a "creative mode" to spawn everything in and build to see what I would need for the server I actually play on.
PvE is enjoyable but frustrating in a different way. You can't build near others and as long as you close your doors, no one can take your things. People can annoy you and get in your way and just be asshats to you, and you can't do anything to them because you can't fight them. They can build walls around your base at the build limit so you can't get out or in. It's like the 12 year olds at malls that will be annoying little ♥♥♥♥♥ and and when you tell them to quit being ♥♥♥♥♥, they try to egg you on by telling you that you can't do anything because they are a minor and you can't hit them. Just really disrespectful. In some cases it's worse than PvP.
The unofficial servers are nice as it's less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and more good players. Though, then you run the risk of the admins of the servers spawning in whatever they want and wiping the server anytime without notice. So, you could log in and the whole server is wiped and you lost everything. They could change up the mods on the server without notice and just shut the server down because they didn't want to pay for it anymore. If you're playing PvP on their server and you wipe them and become alpha, they can just delete everything you have, rollback the server to before you wiped them, spawn in a level 1million titanosaur and smash everything you have, or any combination of those.
My biggest gripe with the game is that it's not fun anymore. It was fun for the last year and with the last few months of updates, it's just not fun anymore. You can have a lot of fun on unofficial servers, but they are also very volatile as well. Maybe more so than PvP official servers. The way I see it, is that if you never played this game before and you join a server, you should have fun right away. You shouldn't have to join unofficial servers and add mods to the game to make it fun. To me, that says the developers failed at their job for making a fun game. Sure, int he future, you might get bored of the offical servers and mod the game to get some NEW excitement out of it, but you shouldn't have to mod a game after you bought it in order to get fun from it.
If Wild Card wants to keep all transfers open the way they have it now when you can transfer creatures, players, and items from server to server, then I suggest they do a full wipe of every server so everyone has a fair start to build up. Otherwise the mega tribes that basically own official servers have so much unchecked power to just wipe servers and take all their resources and get even bigger. There isn't any hope to fight them off.
But, if Wild Card just limits you transferring your character, that would be better as then you need to build up on a server. I have seen a few smaller tribes band together and wipe alphas that are just mean and ruin your day for fun. It happened on my server last year. The alpha we have now is friendly and helps the server anytime they can and uses their power to defend the server against attacks.
EDIT: I haven't edited anything on this review. I just wanted to add that I replied in the comments to reply to the comments I received about this review.
EDIT 2: I still haven't changed my initial review, just wanted to add two things that I know no one will read.
1. In my comments below that are back pages at this point, I made a typo regarding my family. I said they were all dead, I meant to say they were all dead to me. They are all alive, but very toxic, hateful people and I don't talk to them unless I absolutely need to.
2. Since I posted this, I keep getting friend request from people. I'm denying every single one of them because I'm just assuming you are all trolls going to harrass me or come to my server and wipe it. Though, that would speed up the process of me quitting the game as I wouldn't have anything left to go back to.
EDIT 3: I added into the main review about the other game modes so people would stop commenting about them. But, none of them will actually read the review and just call me names and say I don't have a life. Which says a lot about them.
Posted: December 23, 2021
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☑ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☑ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second live for grinding
---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☑ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☑ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
Posted: February 2, 2019
I played this game almost 4000 hours. Im just now writing a review because this game has had its ups and downs. Official servers are completely impossible for starting players. Believe me, just dont bother with official. But there are so many unofficial servers and communities that make the game a blast. Ark has its bugs and after playing for years i can tell you thats its come SO FAR since release(in good and bad ways). The Ark experience is one of a kind and definitely worth your time, especially after you dive into the story line (which takes effort to do).
Posted: November 25, 2021
people tried to inslave me 10/10 would recomend
Posted: January 26, 2021
PEOPLE IN THIS GAME ARE TOO NICE! RAID ME OR SOMETHING!!! SERIOUSLY I LEFT MY DOOR OPEN OVER NIGHT FOR SOMEONE TO STEAL FROM ME, THEY LEFT ME SOME METAL AND LEFT ME A NOTE REMINDING ME TO CLOSE IT IN THE FUTURE.
Posted: March 17, 2022
1000h+ in across pc + xbox.
Overall, good fun, especially with your buddies.
Don't take it too seriously.
Oh, and stay away from official pvp, it's a mess.
Posted: October 1, 2023
farewell ark , i will miss u :(
Posted: May 8, 2023
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! GAME WON'T BE SUPPORTED PAST AUGUST!
The devs promised in January that we would be getting a free next gen upgrade. They just recently decided that they want to go back on their promise and try to force us to pay for a "brand new" (read same exact thing with an engine upgrade) game by dropping all official servers in august. You will only be able to play on official servers if you pay $59.99 again in August.
Do not trust these devs in any way shape or form they will scum lord everything
Posted: September 22, 2021
Product received for free
Hi dear players.
My recommendation will be in 3 stages.
1) Play it with friends.
2) don't watch videos on youtube before you play it.
And my last one is ..
3) Don't play it on official servers. because you will get ripped by those who played it before you.
enjoy the game and always , alwaaaays .. keep your dinos off your base. Stay under cover if you played official.
Oops.. i want to add one thing else .. Always keep stimberry in your inventory in case you got knocked out. Good Luck and have fun.
----------------------------------
My review for the game after playing on Ps4 for 3 years and steam for 1 year.
The game is a time killer machine .. once you sit down .. time goes really fast that you won't even notice!! of how great ARK is.
Posted: February 6, 2022
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☑ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☑ You'll need a second live for grinding
---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☑ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☑ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10

Posted: August 24, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It all began with a noob trying to figure out the game alone on a pvp server. I didn't know it was pvp until i was raided, but i realized my thatch wasnt't going to stop anybody, so i rebuilt a wooden fortress, tamed a few dilos and raptors. Find a few other noobs and make a family together. Working hard and proud on our home, we ventured through our island chopping down trees, and killing what we could. Then the server wiped. We understood it was a great time to move to a better location, block off a cave and pray no one f****s with us. By the end of the day we're so much more advanced than others that we have no fear.
Fast foward weeks, the chinese attack, killing all our dinos. Poor Rexes...i will miss you colossus. We liberate chinese held caves, and open them to the public. The whole server rallies to demolish the chinese griefer cells, and send them back to the stone ages.
Fast forward a few more weeks, and things are peaceful. Expanded locations allowed us more resources and dinos, while also allowing fast travel locations.
Then you get big tribes trying to police the world.
My final straw was realizing a group of four, could never take on a group of 15. I tried diplomacy, but realized, why the f*** am i going to these lengths for some Dbag i don't even know?
I burned out on the diplomatic, and relations part of the game in pvp. Its too much of a pain to maintain those relationships constantly.
If you're new, go pve to learn the basics. If you want to try you're luck at pvp, i'm all for it, its fun. Until you have to deal with people who have all the power on a server, because they have more numbers.
Posted: October 15, 2021
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☑ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second live for grinding
---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☑ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☑ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☑ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10

Posted: October 9, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game caught my interest months ago, and I was watching it since then. I've been very cautious about survival games after the past few I tried have all let me down, bigtime. I usually shy away from PvP in games, so naturally I was hesitant to play this one. A few weeks ago, I received it as a gift from my significant other, and finally gave it a shot.
First of all, what worried me the most about this game, was the many many stories I read about joining and being instantly ganked, being killed in their sleep, being griefed, trolled, and every other horrible PvP thing that can possibly happen. So far I just have not experienced this. Maybe I have just been very lucky....but so far I have not yet ran into someone who instantly tried to kill me. Everyone has been friendly, saying hello on voice, offering supplies, and I even met a tribe leader that took me into the tribe to teach me the basics. I just have not seen the toxicity that some other reviews talk about. But again, maybe I just got lucky.
The game is beautiful. A screenshotter's paradise. It is graphics intensive but Im able to play on high without many issues (I get short freezes when I enter a new biome while flying, that's about it). There are also frequent latency issues on the official servers.
Content is added all the time. It seems like every few days there is a new dino being added, and there are pretty much daily updates. I saw many negative reviews that say "the devs don't care", but I am not sure where that idea came from. Maybe I'm missing something, but they seem quite passionate about the game to me.
For me the game is very addictive. It is HARD for me to get "sucked into" a game on Steam. I usually play for about 12 hours and then move on. But so far in Ark I'm at 60 hours and usually log off still wanting to play more.
There are some small things that bug me, and they are kinda silly things...mainly the artistic freedom the devs use on the dinos. I know they said they aren't going for total accuracy, but small things like the Stego having 6 tail spikes instead of 4 makes me roll my eyes. Same with the two downwards-pointing horns on the Ankylo's chin. Just minor things.
Overall for me, the game is one of the best I've played on Steam so far. I am really loving it, and look forward to logging in every night.
Posted: March 27, 2019
Years later and it's still a buggy mess. Devs just recently globally banned someone for posting game-breaking glitches to YouTube. They would rather silence you than actually fix this game. Let that sink in.
Posted: November 24, 2022
dinosaur
Posted: March 5, 2022
dimosaur
Posted: May 15, 2023
KICK SNAIL GAMES.
-Cheaters
-Meshers
-Exploiters
-Dupers
-Admin abuse ON oficial pvp

Posted: July 29, 2021
Started on a PvP server. No experience with the game. Spent days making a house, taming dinosaurs no matter what it was, just wanted a massive dino farm. Feeling pretty good about my situations, savoring victories over players in similar situation as me. Smash their bases, kill their dinos. I felt on top of world.
Have a solid stone base, a gun, and lots of neat tools. Feeling pretty confident. Shadows form below me. A massive dragon drops out of the sky, breathing lightning and death. All my dinosaurs roasted to death within minutes. I am shot unconscious. I can still see my base being destroyed all around me. Stone flying everywhere, item containers thrown everywhere, items picked up and dropped to ensure they disappear (I later found out). Utter destruction.
I was dragged deep into the forest. I was put into a cage, like an animal. I was force fed tranquilizers to stay unconscious. I was bled dry with a blood extraction kit, but never allowed to die. Fed potions only to heal enough to have blood drawn. Suspended in perpetual unlife/undeath I wallowed in a cage full of my own feces for who knows how long. I had lost everything now.
10/10 would recommend to everyone looking for a fun game to play.
Posted: September 14, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This reveiw is for the offline singleplayer.
I had a lot of fun with this game.
After a day or so of screwing around I had a nice little house established and decided I was ready to tame dinosaurs. The first thing I tamed was a dodo, a hot pink dodo that I named Ramirez. I decided to leave her at home while i went hunting so she would stay safe.
I thought I could take on a trike which it turns out was a big ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mistake. It was unimpressed with my offensive capabilities so I ran away and hid on a rock stack like a ♥♥♥♥♥.
It refused to leave me alone and I had resigned myself to my new life on that rock when I saw Ramirez waddling down the beach to save me. She pecked it right in the anus, it turned around and punted her halfway across the island.
I never saw her again.
Don't name your pets, it'll just be sadder when they die.
10/10
Posted: December 10, 2018
Honestly an amazing game. Great concept, great creatures(For the most part), great maps. If any other producer would have made this game it wouldve been so much better.
But lets introduce Wildcard.
Wildcard likes to continuely push new content, ignoring the requests of its players to fix its past content. Want a raptor to stop meshing into your base? Ah, how about a new robot parasaur? Even after the producers put out its final DLC which was so unfinished and full of bugs and glitches, you would think that they would take a step back and fix its past 3 DLCs which they have ignored. What do they do when they cant push new content on Ark? Make a new game.
I love this game, very toxic community as you would guess aswell, but even worse developers. I give them props for the good in this game which they have created, but they dont do it for the players, they do it solely for the money only.

Posted: June 8, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Where to Start, Well the game is Early access and I will update upon full release.
So this game has sold over 200,000 copys and has gained a peak of 65,000 players at one time not bad for early access game so let's get to what I think.
I am really enjoying this game so far, much more than I originally thought I would which is good the game does have some issue's but Dev team is working on them one of theses issue's is FPS.
I can hold a steady 30 fps but there are some tweaks you can make to get higher fps if that's your desire.
This game is addictive and alot of fun especially in large clan etc.
BAD POINTS:
Low fps
food spoil's way to quick
Dino's head movement is little weird
Tree's can behave in very weird way
Good points:
Alot of servers official and unofficial pvp and pve etc
variety of dinosaurs already with more to come
Great building system
Great crafting system
Can have own clan/tribe
Alot of fun especially with trusted group of friends
Large map
Final thoughts:
For a game that has been out for only one week they have been working on it constantly new fixes and adding new dinosaurs through out the week, they are working with the community and if they stay on the current path they will achieve the 2016 dead line for the final release on PC, Xbox one and PS4
My suggestion get in now before it's to late
Posted: June 25, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Got killed by a brontosaurus while taming a pteranadon in the jungle at night because a T-rex attacked it.
Came back to find someone looting my corpse. Killed her with my fists.
Her boyfriend stabbed me in the back of the head. Died.
Respawned, re-equipped, dodge shots from my OWN GUN THAT THEY STOLE, killed boyfriend with spear to the face.
Punched out woman while she was screaming profanity's at me in in-game voice chat.
Drowned her in a river, screaming the whole time.
Got all my stuff back.
Threw a grenade into the thieves thatch hut. Boom.
Justice.
10/10 Would justice again.
In all seriousness, the Official servers lack clear rules and administration. Do yourself a favor, find a good unofficial server, and the game will be loads better. No hacking, no cheaters, no lag, no rubberbanding, etc. You'll also find a better community on these servers, which is part of the fun in a game like this.
As for leveling, it's quite easy, as everything you do that requires input from yourself except taming, gives you exp from 1 to 67, which is current max level. Hence, you don't have to move on to a new area, like some other games on the market.
The game is harsh, however, and it does not go easy on you. If your T-rex dies, that you just spent 7 hours taming, it's dead. There's no way to bring it back, or rez it, or take backs. If you get overly attached to the things you tame, play PVE. You'll have a much more fun time, because if you play PVP, you may just log in naked on the beach with everything you own destroyed. Again, play on an unofficial with rules that you agree with. Some unofficials don't allow base leveling, or killing of passive dino's, etc.
You'll want to find a tribe, because the more people you have working on a base, the stronger it will be, and the less time it will take building it. Once you get to metal tier, the sheer amount of stones you need to make a small metal building will be astonishing, so you need to work with others to accomplish goals that are out of a single players reach.
If you play on a PVP server, know that at some point, you will wake up dead. It's only a matter of time before this happens. Expect it, and have a backup plan. IE: A small hidden home, preferrably metal, with supplies for retaming, rearming, retooling, etc., so that you don't have to start from a stone axe again.
Overall, it's an excellent experience, as long as you are OK with an EA title. You'll find bugs that will screw you over and cause you to lose tons of your time, but that's par for the course at this stage of development.
There is no other survival game on the market that comes close to Ark at the moment. My playtime attests to that fact.
If you pick it up, good luck on the isle! If you have questions, stop by my stream and ask away. I'm live from Morning (10 AM MST) to afternoon (3PM MST), and from evening (6-7PM MST) until late at night (1-3AM MST). On day 16 of a 30 Day streaming challenge, so 7 days a week.
twitch.tv/faceaaa
Posted: May 26, 2021
ARK is one of the best Open World, Sandbox Survival games out there aside from Minecraft. The experience you have with it only depends on how you set it up. In it for a story? Want to dominate other players? Want to enjoy creative building or fancy the challenge of taming all the creatures and breeding up the best tames possible? You got it.
Do you want to RP? Do you enjoy solo gaming?
All of the above is possible just with the vanilla game and then the mods come into play. From QoL additions to total conversions, the possibilities are limitless.
There are 6 story maps + a handful of officially supported, fan made maps. And then the mods...
You can enjoy them in sequence or play on a cluster where you can travel between them making use of the characteristics of each.
As with any complex game, you will inevitably run into silly bugs, wonky mechanics and other annoying things however they are few and far between as long as you stay 100% vanilla.
Fan made mods definitely make the game a bit more unstable but the workshop ad its ratings can help you decide what's worth it.
Ark's biggest drawback is the developers' attitude which is ever changing but never been more than... lacking.
Regardless, the end result is a gaming platform that can give you the experience you wish to live given you learn how to make that happen.
Is it worth the full price with all the season passes?
Categorically yes. A lot of the community boasts with multiple thousands of hours spent in game which makes it one of the cheapest games ever when you calculate how much you pay for 1hr of gameplay.
However
There are very frequent and big discounts.
If you like survival games do yourself a favour and pick the game up at least when it's on sale.
What should you buy?
The base game will give you access to the first story map + some free maps that aren't involved in the story.
To fully experience the arc of the ARK, get the Season Pass which gets you all the maps that are involved in the first story completely.
The Genesis Season Pass gives you 2 new maps that host an independent story line. I recommend getting this only when you are bought into the franchise.
Posted: November 28, 2018
Would only suggest buying this game if it is on sale and you have friends to play with on a private server.
Never, ever play any of the official severs. The veteran players have made them virtually unplayable for new players. Entered an official PvE server, was instantly killed by a level 75 Raptor as I was spawning into one of the low level spawn points (probably from a veteran player kiting it there). Spawned at a different low level spawn and couldn't even build the basic campfire because all of the veteran players set up pillars everywhere to prevent others from placing any building pieces down as they can't be destroyed on a PvE server. Spent most of the time trying not to starve to death because the only food I could harvest was berries, and berries do so little to fill your food meter that you are basically eating them like you were stuffing your face in a food eating competition. Whenever you do die (and it will happen allot), you can sometimes respawn inside other players' houses. When that happens the only thing you can do is wish for the sweet release of death as you slowly starve, trapped in a building where all the doors are locked, the walls are invincible, and no one is online to let you out. Tried spawning in higher level zones in hopes of getting out of the no-build areas the veterans placed everywhere, but found out that the veterans claimed those areas same as the starting zones. Tried running to one of the Obelisks so that I could transfer my progress to a different PvE server in hopes of finding one not so stuffed, but the Veteran players bascially built giant FU walls around them to prevent anyone that didn't have a flying mount from reaching them. Started a new character on a different official PvE server and the exact same problems came up again.
Switching to a PvP server fixed the problem of invincible pillars everywhere preventing new players from progressing through the building tree. But griefing is the passtime of all the veteran players on PvP servers as they have nothing left to do since it is impossible for anyone to topple an Alpha Tribe. Tried playing on a small tribes official server, but the griefing is still there. Instead of dozens of players griefing you, there is only 3-6 at a time. Got to about level 62 on a small tribes server, and the entire time I was playing I was constantly being reset back to nothing as the veteran players would C4 the hell out of my house, kill all of my tames, and then constantly keep me sedated for hours on end while they played around with my uncouscious body. Whenever they got tired of playing with me (usually the next day as I would get bored of being kept in a vegitative state and log off for the day), I would have to respawn at a starting point and have to redo 6+ hours of work. I'm level 62, I should be working towards stuff like turret entrenched metal houses, crafting powerful gear, and taming strong dinos. But instead I'm spending most of my time trying to rebuild the stone raft house that gets demolished every other day. I even looked up a tutorial on how to build properly, and that still doesn't stop someone from dropping a bunch of C4 on your house and destroying it for the laughs while simultaneously mocking the low level player trying to play the game in global chat. The people at the top are constantly kicking the people at the bottom, preventing them from getting to a position to where they can actually pose a threat and provide interesting gameplay to veterans. As a result of this, the game turns into a fulltime job where you don't get paid, you don't get any work done, prospects for promotion are grim, and everyone you work with act like jerks 24/7.
The "get gud" argument can't applied here simply because there is no level playing field with how the progression system is set up. I would dare anyone who says "get gud" to take on a fully outfitted level 105 veteran, butt naked, with nothing but the starting tools. Do that and win consistently, and I would conceed that I need to "get gud".
Diseases in this game are unnecessarily brutal, especially if you get one at the start. On the small tribes PvP server that I played, I got infected with Swamp Fever in one of the starting zones within the first few hours of play. Wasn't even sure what was happening until I noticed that my stats were all wrong. As it turns out, diseases stick with your character, even through death. And the only way to cure it is to either make an antidote that requires materials deep in territories packed with predators (and high level players), or transfer to another server to wipe the disease. So I had the choice of either making a brand new character and losing all my progress, transfer my character to another server and then spend hours trying to reach another Obelisk and hope no one would raid my stuff while I was gone, or be gimped until I got to the point where I could take on those higher level players. Lets just say that I chose poorly in that regard (not that any of the choices were anything that should be considered acceptable for new players). What's even scarier is that as I was researching how to cure the disease, I found out that veteran players could use the diseases in a sort of biological warfare against new players. It's apparently possible to infect tamed Dodos and leave them in the starting zones. The amount of griefing tools that the Devs give veterans is just daunting to me. It's like they want to encourage the toxicity to new heights.
Supposedly, some have said unofficial servers will fix these issues. But with the ability of the server owner to become God incarnet in a game that is designed to encourage griefing at every opportunity, I don't have much hope for that making the game better. Most of my encounters with people in the game have been negative on both PvE and PvP servers as the veteran community is rife with toxicity. Out of all of them, I've only met one veteran who was actually nice to me.
I did play on a private server with a friend, and while the world felt a little empty with only two players in it, the survival aspects of the game can be pretty compelling. The game can be rather brutal at times if you happen to wander into a higher level zone before you are ready. But the moment you manage to get a good dinosaur buddy and manage to keep it alive, the gameplay opens up quite a bit. Just remember to take things slow in the beginning and not wander too far from the starting zones.
Base building can be rather clunky and far too restrictive at times. The sloping landscape restricts allot of what you can do and only being able to build new parts parallel or perpendicular to each other will often result in most of the stuff you build looking rather boxy. Sometimes the piece you try to place down is spasming around different snap points like an epileptic at a rave as it tries to decide where it wants to go, and the only choice you have is to drop it and hope for the best. If it is placed wrong, you have to quickly pick it back up otherwise you lose half of the materials when you demolish it (rather steep price for a game with such clunky building mechanics if you ask me). Other times, a piece that looks like it is going in the spot you want snaps either in a wrong orientation or completely different snap point from the one you were looking at. I probably spent about 80% of my time building fighting the poorly designed snap mechanics. I can't help but feel that the building mechanics would be better served if the developers looked at games like Space Engineers where they allow you to easily rotate blocks on a grid.
If the developers could find a way to prevent veteran players from ruining the experience for new players, this game could be great. Unfortunately, right now, the game is mediocre at best and isn't worth the high price tag so long as the veteran players remain as the gatekeepers to the most compelling parts of the gameplay.
Posted: May 29, 2023
After 4000 + hours playing this game I can say without any hesitation that Ark is a video game with dinosaurs in it.
Posted: November 7, 2023
After careful consideration and a few hours of playtime. I can confidentially say its okay.
Posted: January 31, 2021
Ark is Death, Ark is Pain, Ark is Love
Posted: August 30, 2020
This is a fantastic game, with the worst community i have ever seen.

Posted: July 6, 2017
Price is higher than FPS.
Posted: March 31, 2023
Game is about to die in four months to be sold again at full price under a different title.
With all of the DLCs too… What a scam.
WildCard just announced that there would be no bundling of ASA with ARK 2 and DLCs won't be sold separately. Upgraded game with DLCs included gonna be $60.
Although servers still going down and upgrade is paid, this is a compromise I personally can get behind of.
Posted: August 1, 2015
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
When you read these reviews please make note of the player's hours. (Not saying you need hours to judge, but that there is a reason many people have well over 1-2k hours in this game.)
Ark is a childhood fantasy come true. It's like a mix of Jurassic Park and Minecraft with a touch of DayZ. Ark is the kind of game where if you ask for help or report a glitch on the forums you will be answered by an actual dev and the glitch will be addressed within hours to days. Wildcard Studios *from day one to the present* have been very responsive and are an excellent team.
I can't give a rating out of 10 compared to a complete game because Ark is an alpha, but as alphas go; 100/10
Update: Over two years ago I heard about a survival game where you could hunt and tame dinosaurs. I checked out their website, watched their announcement trailer- and got goosebumps.
YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
To this day Ark is the best EA game I've ever played. There have been a lot of changes and for a while I didn't like where the PVP was going, (booku saddles, forcefeeding bullet sponges, jet-powered Pteras, etc.), but there are always tweakable options so you can find or operate a server that's just right for you.
People are currently pumping out bad reviews for Ark based on its release price, (like 7k recent salty reviews because of money politics,) and things like the *completely realistic and justified* flyer nerf- Don't let their hate make you miss out on this game. Compared to the average AAA game Ark was a steal at 30$. So wait for a sale, you won't be disappointed.
Posted: February 9, 2020
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe
---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t
---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape
---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☐ Adults
☑ Human
---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☑ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☑ You‘ll need a second live for grinding
---{Story}---
☐ Story?
☐ Text or Audio floating around
☑ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovley
☐ It‘ll replace your life
---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☐ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☑ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☑ ARK: Survival Evolved (lmao, this was part of the template)
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
Posted: May 21, 2022
This game has it all; humans, humans pooping, dinosaurs, dinosaurs pooping, making structures, avoiding pooping in those structures, making tools, pooping while making tools, cooking food, pooping out that food after you eat it, gardening and agriculture, using poop for gardening and agriculture, and so much more:
- mining and refining metal
- gathering resources from multiple challenging biomes
- fierce creatures to contend with, and maybe tame
- brilliant emergent gameplay from all manner of systems interlinking with each other
- constant battle to stay alive against hunger, thirst, and the elements
- massive player servers to take the challenge multiplayer with thousands of official servers
- mods to further extend things
- quite nice-looking graphics
- building infrastructure for your bases, towns, cities and truly grand projects
- acquiring the power of modern technology, but with ridable dinosaurs
- unraveling the mystery of why and how you're in an environment with long-extinct creatures dotted by huge, imposing technological structures hovering above the landscape
if you haven't been convinced yet to go ahead and get this game, at least on sale even, you should check out a streamer playing the game and see if you've been missing out on some fun!
Posted: January 10, 2023
has dinos 👍
Posted: March 27, 2021
I have played this game for over 6,000 hours. I'm still not done yet. . . .
Posted: February 6
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Poop Enjoyers
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☑ You'll need a second (and possibly third) life for grinding
---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
☑ ARK: Survival Evolved
Posted: September 6, 2022
It’s got dinosaurs.
Posted: May 20, 2021
dinosaurs
Posted: June 25, 2018
After 6,000 Hours, I think I can finally write a review.
First off, this game is constantly being worked on. There is ALWAYS something new. I have played since day 1 (sometimes not very well ;) ) and I can say that this game has changed tremendously, overall for the good. Everything that is an issue is handled either by the Devs, Mod Creators or by Server Owners.
Pros:
*Being a server owner I look into all of the complaints and tweak the game to my player base liking.
*This game has everything you could want out of an MMO.
*Explorer notes to delve into the story-line
*You can Roleplay
*Grind out materials
*Build to your hearts content
*Tame hundreds of beautiful DINOSAURS <3
*Play solo
*Play with large groups
*Constant updates and events
*Private servers have actual communities, player bases and privately hosted events
*Endless game-play on hundreds of different servers with different play styles. -- Re-playability, 100% --
*Any negative review you see can be handled by a personal server owner and should not be held negatively against the game. (Yeah i'm pretty sure i've read 90% of them over the years)
*People of ALL AGES play. This is not just a "child" or "old person"'s game. I literally have players on my server from age 9 to 70.
*Graphics quality - You might need a great computer to get full potential, but still gorgeous with lesser computers
*Price/quality - Worth the Price if you can find a COMMUNITY. Solo playing is just as fun, but being in a tribe can really immerse you more and give you a sense of purpose in the game.
*Difficulty - Depends on the SERVER. There are very many insanely easy and insanely difficult servers, you CAN find what suits you <3
*Game Length - Endless <3
*Story Line - Maybe difficult to follow unless you're the "questing" type, there are websites for this though.
*Weather System
*Crafting System - Engrams
*People from ALL COUNTRIES can play this game with stability (Server Dependent)
*Can play PVE or PVP or BOTH! - at the same time! -See Community Servers <3
Middle Ground:
I have seen Ark literally become people's escape / 2nd life. This game is very immersive!!
Cons:
*Sometimes it becomes people's second life
*OFFICIAL SERVERS - These communities are not welcoming, and are normally dominated by one group over several hundred servers, normally you can not even play due to Omega tribes, and if you are GRANTED the right to play, you will be a "farm ♥♥♥♥♥" for several hundred hours to prove yourself before you can do ANYTHING else. Official Servers are Toxic and make several thousand people quit monthly.
*Random glitches depending on the maps (Bugs occasionally)
*Graphics quality - You might need a great computer to get full potential, but still gorgeous with lesser computers
*Story Line - Maybe difficult to follow unless you're the "questing" type, there are websites for this though.
I would HIGHLY recommend this game, over and over. I even have customers (in my salon) I tell on a daily basis and give them the info for my servers and they become addicted quickly! This game is near perfection. Don't get me wrong, it has its faults, but the Pros far out-weigh the Cons!!!!
If anyone has any questions about anything not mentioned feel free to message me on steam!!
Posted: October 18, 2023
Both the best game and worst game I ever played.
Posted: November 27, 2020
I've lost everything.
Posted: August 13, 2022
10/10 would recommend to ruin your life
Posted: December 25, 2022
I have played this game from almost day one and after seven plus years of playing have racked up an insane amount of hours. I found lifelong friends on this game and despite some downward spirals it has taken, I believe Ark is one of the best games I have ever played. I have played it to the point of near burnout and still always come back for more. There is no other game like it and the lore and story though hard to follow until you know how have enthralled me. Cannot wait for Ark 2 and hope it lives up to this first installment!
