Posted: March 20, 2022
Game so I good I bought it after trying it pirated.
Posted: October 15, 2019
The ongoing support for this game has been unreal.
Heavily recommend.
Posted: May 19, 2022
Doesn't get hit for 3 floors.
Takes on a curse.
Immediately gets hit.
Posted: May 2, 2020
The first 1387 hours have been good.
Posted: September 26, 2023
Open game
Die
Die
Die
Find the strongest weapon
Die
Close game
10/10 video gaming moment
Posted: June 4, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is the game that pulled me away from Hearthstone and Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Absolutely gorgeous and genius, even in its early state. Yes, you'll die a lot, but it never feels like a big deal. The point of the game is in the moment to moment combat anyway -- and the fact that you're rewarded for each run in a slow permanent progression means you never feel cheated. Highly recommended.
Posted: August 3, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Some of the tightest controls, buttery smooth animation and gorgeous scenes you'll see all year. I've bought it three times now, (once for me, twice as gifts for friends) and each time was worth it.
Support developers like these.
Posted: May 29, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Dead Cells is a 2D sidescrolling action platformer. And it's a good one at that.
It draws heavy inspiration from titles such as the Dark Souls series or BloodBorne, and during your gameplay you'll notice mechanics such as the Estus flask, the Bloodborne combat heals, or a roll with invincibility frames shaping up combat.
The controls feel good and are fully rebindable, attacks are satisfying to land and the enemies have tells that stand out enough that taking damage doesn't feel cheap. There's a lot of platforming involving, and the map is full of secrets and loot. The jumping and climbing around itself feels generous, less challenging than it seems to be at first glance, as in you will make jumps you think you wouldn't be able to.
I like the graphic and sound design, as well as the general themes and setting. There is not a lot of variation when it comes to enemies, tho, but I would expect more to be added.
To finish up there are some rogue-lite mechanics implemented, too, as you can unlock items from run to run and other upgrades, and the map itself is somewhat procedurally generated or something.
Anyhow, I think Dead Cells can end up becoming a great title, only depending on where the developer team decides to take it from where it is now, but the foundation's there and it's solid, if only missing some content, and maybe some invincibility frames when you get hit so you're not boxed.
Posted: June 9, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Dead Cells is a game that I would describe as a mix of Castlevania, Dark Souls and most of the rogue-lites out there. You take control over a ninja-like character and your goal is to get through a bunch of randomly generated levels and defeat evil (I suppose, I'm yet to finish the game myself :P and keep in mind that it's the EARLY ACCESS game and that there's like a year of development to come which will fill story gaps and bring a ton of new items and mechanics)
Now this game is a masterpiece in my opinion, and here's why:
1) levels - randomly generated levels make the adventure fresh every time you play. Not only that, but there are alternate paths to be taken (pretty cleverly locked behind certain 'skillchecks') and you're not destined to commit to one of them! It's this 'interweave' sort of a deal, where you can go hard path for one level and then hop back to normal path in the next. To put it more simply - in each level you have pretty much 3 entrances to the next level, it's entirely up to you which one you'll choose. And it's not only one enviroment. You fight in the castle, sewers, harbor-esk town, graveyard... And every level is different. In one you go up, in other you drop down, others are just flat, long distances to traverse. Everything designed to be easy to traverse but difficult to leave unscathed
2) weapons/skills - you start the run with 2 weapons - sword and bow/shield. You can find random gear during the run of course and what's cool is that there's never a 'right' answer to what to use. You have to be flexible and think about your loadout, because one random weapon/skill drop can flip your playstyle inside out. And I like that weapons have weight attached to them. for example, when you swing the big, massive sword or hammer, it has a significant delay in attack (but much better damage of course). There's tons of other weapons with different quirks. Some inflict bleed/poison, some crit while backstabbing, some crit when enemy is near the wall, some get bonus damage against frozen targets, etc - the variety is stunning
skills - 2 slots, things to crowd control / augment your weapons. Magnetic grenades to keep enemies in place, meat grinders to bleed them, turrets, bear traps, etc, all with additional benefits / synergies. Again, stunning variety already
3) movement - this has to be one of the most precise and enjoyable to traverse games available. Super tight controls (at least with x360 pad), dash move, double jump - full control! You even have dropjump which can hurt the enemies, but it's one of those moves that you love videogames for, because it's just fun to use randomly :) You know what I'm saying? :P Sometimes you just jump around to use it, it's so fun :)
4) builds - there's no 'right' build in this game. You can upgrade strenght and go full sword damage, you can upgrade health and create regen build, you can make skills only build, you can do something stupid like whip that brings enemies closer to you and then your secondary kick that pushes them away :) Again, everything depends on the stuff that you find on the way. Adapt or die, that's the name of the game :P
5) presentation - graphics, music, sound effects - everything's gorgeous, period :P
6) difficulty - this is a difficult game. It's because of the combination of randomly generated enemies and dungeons, loadout and skill upgrades, precision in platforming, patterns recognition and ability to fight a bunch of the enemies at the same time. Which brings me to pretty much my only pet peeve with this game:
No post hit invincibility - it's a deliberate design decision, but certain enemies in this game can hit you multiple times in a very short period of time. It makes the game much more deadly to the player and sometimes it gives you literally no chance to recuperate. But that's ninja's life I suppose. Be precise or die :P
Overall, this game is a gem in the genre and it's already great despite being in early stages of development.
9/10
Posted: August 7, 2020
Introduction
The AAA games industry has abandoned many genres in favor of more popular ones. Luckily, these genres often get picked up by smaller studios who manage to resurrect them with their own takes. Dead Cells comes from indie studio Motion Twin and offers a unique take on the rogue-lite genre with elements of a Metroidvania. It's what they call a "Roguevania".
Pros and Cons
👍 A simple combat system that never gets old
👍 Many weapons to choose from
👍 Colorful presentation
👍 Progression is well-handled
Final Rating: Exceptional
Click here to see my rating chart
Full Review
A cycle of death
Dead Cells is all about speed. Combat is swift and satisfying, yet never gets out of hand. Given that this is a rogue-lite, death is permanent. Make too many mistakes, and you'll likely face your own grave. In your aid is a deluge of weapons and tools to choose from, each represented by one of three attributes: brutality, tactics and survival.
Each run will be different. It's not about your skill with a specific weapon, rather how good you are at adapting to whatever the game throws your way. It can make for a lot of uniquely entertaining situations. Will you focus on melee, or perhaps take enemies out from afar using a bow and arrow? How about confining your enemies with traps, followed by a quick grenade throw?
You can carry two weapons and a pair of tools at once, and the simple controls allow you to combine their powers for devastating results. You could, for example, freeze an enemy and then smash them with a great hammer. Due to the permadeath mechanics, you're never committed to one style of play; you can always experiment with new ways of approaching enemies.
There are many foes to encounter, as each area adds new ones while also retaining previous enemies. It does mean that the first area is going to get dull in comparison due to the low variety of enemies, which is sad. I wish they had found a way to integrate new enemies into each area as you progress. Fortunately, it doesn't take long before many of the distinct enemies appear.
As to be expected, boss encounters are present, ramping up the difficulty with unique movesets and more health. They are far and few between, but this is an indie game, and bosses do take a tremendous amount of time to develop. Sometimes you'll also encounter Elite enemies, which are buffed versions of normal ones. They come with a few extra tricks up their sleeve, but not as many as the more prominent bosses.
You'll have to be careful when facing a boss. 
A Screenshot of Dead Cells
By: Illuya
Exploration is key
You'll explore a series of nonlinear areas, all with branching paths. Each time, you'll start in the Prisoner's Quarters. While randomly generated, each area stays true to an overall theme when it comes to atmosphere, level design, and art direction.
The paths you can take in terms of progression will not change as well, so you won't find yourself unable to go down a specific route due to the randomness. The game does also present some Metroidvania aspects in runes not lost upon death. These grant you abilities letting you access new areas that, in turn, allow for new progression routes to be taken. You can also find blueprints that unlock new purchasable items.
In each level, you come across interactable objects, which will result in a small piece of dialogue from the protagonist, explaining some of the events that have taken place on the island. Be wary that the lore consists of a lot of references and humorous notes, and, most of the time, isn't something to take seriously.
A full run should take around an hour, but you'll find your playtime significantly higher before the final boss will have drawn its last breath. As someone used to unforgiving games, it took me a little over 40 runs to complete the game. I'd say it would take an average player about 20 hours to finish Dead Cells, but remember that there's still plenty more to do after the credits roll.
Even if you die, you'll still make progress
Before each area, you'll visit the Collector's Room. Here, you'll be able to spend Cells, which are sometimes dropped by slain enemies, on various upgrades to your character, including new gear, starting equipment, or even outfits! All enhancements bought with Cells will carry over from run to run, so in a sense, you are making progress all the time.
You can also increase the quality of the weapons and tools currently in your possession, as well as acquiring new mutations - valuable perks that affect combat. Note that these, like your equipment, are lost upon death. Most importantly, you can replenish the charges of your Health Flask, which allows you to recover a large amount of health. Dark Souls players are sure to be familiar with this aspect.
Each visit should be over quickly, as menus are easy to navigate and comprehend. The game doesn't take a lot of time to explain the ins and outs to you, but due to the way it presents the mechanics, you don't have to spend a lot of time with it before you fully understand what's going on. Therefore, it's easy to play in shorter sessions.
Old school presentation
When it comes to visuals, Dead Cells brings nothing new to the table, which isn't necessarily bad. It goes with the classic pixel art style often seen used by indie games. Despite the game's gloomy setting, the visual style comes off as upbeat, which is a refreshing change.
Instead of going down the usual route with dark and depressing colors, the game utilizes an extensive color palette. Even the most sinister locations apply expressive design. The Graveyard brims with neon purples and reds and gives off an '80s vibe, while the Ramparts emit a majestic characteristic with the sun adding a golden touch on the sky.
The Graveyard is a perfect example of Dead Cells' vibrant art style. 
A Screenshot of Dead Cells
By: Illuya
You'll quickly come to understand the enemies' attack patterns through the animations and sound design. Both are solid, with the latter being particularly important in combat. One of the first opponents you'll encounter is the zombie. It will rush towards you, but groan beforehand, letting you know what's about to happen. If observant, you'll naturally prepare to dodge the incoming attack.
The sound effects might not be of the highest quality, especially not when compared to games of a higher budget, however they do what they need to, informing the player of what's about to unfold. To pump you up is an exciting soundtrack with a unique piece of music for each area in the game. It does a great job of keeping you excited, both in the quiet and intense moments. It fits the aesthetic of the visuals quite favorably with encouraging tones cheering you on as you slay enemies one after another.
Performance and polish
Unless your system is composed of old parts, you'll be able to run the game. The game ran in a consistent 500 frames per second, with smaller areas reaching around 1000. The game didn't crash at any point, nor did I encounter any bugs. I did find the lack of a resolution option strange - the game will only run at whatever resolution your PC is outputting.
Conclusion
If you're up for a challenge, Dead Cells is a must-buy. It's an outstanding rogue-lite game that also manages to integrate new ideas. When you finally beat the game, you can only sit back and relax, thinking about what you've just accomplished.
System Specifications
The game was played on a PC with the following components:
Intel Core i7-10700K
NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2070 Super
16GB DDR4 RAM 3200MHz
Intel 660P NVME M.2 SSD
Posted: February 24, 2023
I don't know who -or how many- in the development team chose to add as many options and accesibility settings to this game, but thanks to all of your assist options, and settings; thanks to that attitude towards your players, fan base and game, I have now gone from being a person who was never planning to play this game again (ever since I bought it when it originally came out) to being a person that wants to play it regularly.
It's simply amazing what happens when a developer understands that games are for fun and the power that accesibility can bring for people like me who had such a hard time playing this game before, thanks to the health options, enemy damage regulators, continues, etc. I am now fully on board with this game; just a fantastic, fantastic attitude from the developers.
Posted: June 15, 2021
you go fast you eat ass you try again
Posted: September 2, 2022
You know the game is good when you play the game and it's good
Posted: July 16, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I am a Filthy Casual (tm) who plays games like Mass Effect and Fallout 4 on easy and still die over and over. I got my "you died" achievement in Dark Souls 2 before the tutorial and stopped playing after like forty minutes with zero qualms. I have rage quit every single platformer game I have ever touched, and just sort of despise brutally hard things that feel like chores.
Basically, I am not exactly sure why I decided to buy Dead Cells in the first place. Sure, I love the look and one of the few platformers I've ever 100%'d was Super Metroid (with a LOT of swearing and rage quitting), so 'Metroidvania' is an appealing term to me, but it is still inherently marketed as a game that is not for me, or people like me.
This game is hard. I have 11 hours on it and I can't get past the third area on any given path. I die for stupid reasons and lose all my stuff and... I don't care. I haven't rage quit once; in fact, I have to force myself away from the game after a death so I can do things like eat. I find the combat engaging and entertaining, the progression satisfying and there's something really solid about being forced to start from square one (ish) every single time, in a way I've just never experienced.
So, sure, buy this if you love hard games/Dark Souls/no checkpoint kind of games. Absolutely, I'm pretty sure you've alreeady heard this is likely to be up your alley.
But even if you're a dirty rotten casual gamer who button smashes in any game approaching action, and panics when the screen flashes red around the edges... give it a try if you get the opportunity. It is seriously fun.
Posted: December 15, 2023
No Rest for the Wicked…
» Dead Cells is a triumph of shockingly good game design: the ever-changing guts of its beautifully illustrated levels, a staggering array of game-changing weapons and gadgets, and its breakneck motion fuse into an engrossing loop. It’s so engaging that even after dozens of hours clawing through its island fortress, I’m still discovering and devouring new morsels.
Choice and Consequence
» The heart of Dead Cells is its layered commitment to risk and reward. At its surface, you’re a decapitated prisoner reanimated for some unknown reason to run through a dozen levels that are gorgeously detailed — even though they’re procedurally generated — only to die and use what you’ve learned and collected to get a little farther the next time. This loop is at the core of what makes progressing through Dead Cells so special. Each new zone you reveal, each new artifact or weapon or skill you uncover, it all spurs that bittersweet, rewarding sense you’re slowly peeling away a great mystery.
The placement and order of its levels are Dead Cells’ skeletal frame, but the ever-changing layouts and enemy and item placements are the blood that pumps through its heart. It’s what makes every run different enough to be consistently tense and surprising and what challenges the notion you’ve seen it all when you’re dozens of runs through. You simply don’t know what you’re going to find, because it could be anything from a huge pool of equipment that’s delivered with perfect pacing. And just when I thought I’d dredged the best from that pool, in the very next run a shiny new toy would drop with glittering fanfare and I’d race to bank it with The Collector.
And though it may sting when you have to say goodbye to those perfect turrets that helped you progress further than ever before — the ones that set victims ablaze and do double damage to burning enemies in tandem — or the tens of thousands of gold you’ve collected on a particularly bountiful run, the actual progression comes from unlocking buffs, skills, and weapons between each run that never go away — no matter how often you thrust your face into walls of spikes while trying to set a new land speed record in the Ancient Sewers.
But through that constant repetition, like being trapped in some kind of gothic-horror Groundhog Day, you’ll scrape together money, blueprints for new items, and Cells you can spend to unlock blueprints and buffs for future use. Each small bit of persistent power you pick up propels you forward like a bloody snowball careening down a mountain until you feel unstoppable.
Speed Demon
» Momentum is where Dead Cells really shines. Its slick system of running, jumping, dodging, and pounding through these dungeons feels so good that the desire to move and attack quickly overrides a lot of the caution that comes with a game where death sends you back to the beginning.
Motion Twin’s subtle design pushes you forward through ingenious touches. You’re rewarded for multi-kills with a burst of movement speed to keep propelling you forward. You don’t take damage from colliding with enemies, only their attacks inflict harm, and that grants a sense of safety even in the presence of diverse and deadly foes. If you’re wily enough, move fast enough, or jump precisely enough, you’re untouchable.
Dead Cells’ movement and combat encourage you to put it all on the line to get a little farther. It’s meant to be replayed dozens of times, unlocking another small but significant fragment of the broad skillset with each new artifact you earn. Once you’ve unlocked all of the clever Metroid-style abilities you’re eventually able to move unrestricted through Dead Cells’ darkest recesses to uncover its skimpy, but fun, bits of story and cleverly hidden game references in secret areas.
There’s a genuine sense that the secrets hiding near the end of Dead Cells’ journey are as potent as those you’re able to unlock near the start. Finding a rune in the acidic pits of the Toxic Sewers changed my first 15 minutes of every run thereafter. I now had access to a hefty portion of new equipment, secret areas, and alternate routes that were once unreachable. There was almost a rush in dying because it meant I could dive back into the opening minutes to uncover something I previously couldn’t. That feeling carries over with each new artifact, especially after discovering what’s on the other side of the final boss.
Improv, Improve
» The real diversity in each run comes from an excellent set of choices in how you want the second-to-second gameplay to work. Perhaps you’ll blitzkrieg through with speed and fire and sword — you’ll be rewarded for your reckless pace with access to timed locking gates that only open if you reach them in their stingily allotted times. Or maybe you’ll go through Dead Cells methodically, using ranged weapons, traps, and turrets to safely pierce, poison, burn, or butcher enemies and thoroughly explore every inch of each level for treasure. You’ll be stronger for it.
These playstyles are changeable on the fly, too, thanks to Dead Cells’ smart system for powering up throughout a run by collecting Scrolls of Power. In the beginning, you’re weak and fragile, but as you collect these scrolls you’ll be able to choose a build based on your style and items. The catch is that building an aspect buffs its associated weapons and skills and it’s also how you increase your maximum health pool.
The more scrolls you dump into a specific aspect, the less overall health you get for each consecutive one, so if you want to play a headless beefcake capable of taking a blow, it’s wise to spread your points out. However, doing so means you’re not particularly powerful with any one set of items, so your damage likely won’t be enough to whittle down the ever-inflating enemies in the later levels. I love that in Dead Cells you are free to experiment, but you don’t quite know how it will all shake out. Your starting weapons, the items you pick up, and their modifiers are always different. It keeps you improvising.
After all of the experimenting, the one overarching strategy I discovered was that you can’t always go for the throat. My first 10 runs in Dead Cells were all aimed directly at the final boss, but I quickly realized spending over an hour to get there only to immediately die because I hadn’t properly prepared was a waste of effort. My revised strategy was to focus on extracting blueprints for new gear in some runs, and on harvesting Cells to unlock those items and buffs in others. And every once in a while, I’d just run like a madman with a death wish and explore as much as possible.
For a more dramatic change of pace, there’s a daily dungeon outside of your main campaign that tosses you into a random map with random pickups to see how fast you can kill the boss. And, like all things in Dead Cells, this mode also rewards permanent progression (in the form of blueprints) for consecutively clearing these challenges each day. It’s a fun distraction and gives you the chance to test out gear you’ve yet to find in your game.
Conclusion
» Overall, Dead Cells is rewarding in its flexibility in a way few games are. Each easily digestible run through its beautifully detailed and shifting levels instills a feeling of discovery and familiarity. It goads you to push the limits of your ability and mercilessly crushes you when you get too comfortable. There are layers of strategy and tactics buried not only in the immediate choices you make, but in the grander metagame each run builds toward. It resembles a triumphant union of instinct, forethought, fun, and failure.
Score: 9.5/10
Was this review helpful?
» If so, please leave a rating. Awards are also greatly appreciated!

Posted: November 15, 2023
Devs somehow managed to make every correct decision when it came to game design, and are still making the right calls
how
Posted: December 16, 2017
There’s no such thing as a perfect game. That might be contentious but it’s true, every game is going to have little pieces that don’t quite fit at the very least. I only mention this because Dead Cells might be about as close to the perfect platformer as you can get. The key is in the controls, nothing controls quite as good as Dead Cells and nothing looks quite so good in action, either. If the structure built around it was faulty we might not even be here talking about it, but it’s a very compelling maze of secrets and challenges that has more than enough reasons to keep you splattering yourself against the castle walls.
You’re… um… I’m going to be honest, I’m not really sure what you are. You start the game as some gob of goo that claims ownership of a decapitated corpse and gives it a new shiny, smoky head. This happens in the bowels of an ever-shifting castle on a remote island, so I presume your goal is to escape its surly bonds. There’s a mess of unfriendly folks in your way, though, so it’s going to take a lot of hacking, slashing, grinding (the meaty kind), and exploding to make it out. And to do that, you’re going to want to find the mess of item blueprints that unlock new weapons and upgrades to aid you.
Each level of the castle is laid out like a small section of a Castlevania-style area, with twisting passages and numerous exits. Some of them require special powers to reach like teleportation and wall jumping, while others will see you recovering keys to unlock their paths. Areas are not equal, with the more remote ones being significantly harder but offering better rewards. You’ll have to contend with some interesting gimmicks too, like consuming darkness or poison cisterns. All roads lead to the game’s varied and challenging bosses, who form significant (but not the only) threats to your life.
A roguelike metroidvania is not a new idea, Rogue Legacy did it years ago. But classic though it is, it cannot hope to match the sheer majesty of mobility and combat in Dead Cells. Your ambling corpse is surprisingly agile, with a swift clip, lengthy roll, and innate double-jump. This mobility is key to avoiding the many attacks of your foes and hacking them to pieces. Attacks in the game are extremely fluid and have excellent feedback, and when your enemies strike you get brief but clear indications which allow you to roll or counter. You’ve also got slots for two reusable items like elemental grenades or traps like sawblades or turrets which can do the work for you, to incredible effect if you build your character for them.
Several supporting systems help keep you in the fight as well. Enemies can be staggered by inflicting enough damage over a short period, encouraging you to get in their faces and rip them off. The rally system further bolsters the bold approach, as doing damage can restore lost health if you lay into foes soon enough after taking hits. And your stat upgrades provide brief but significant boosts to your attack based on certain combat factors. The combination of fluid movement and advantages for aggressors makes Dead Cells an incredibly fast-paced game, one where you are encouraged and rewarded for becoming a raging avatar of death and cuisinarting through your foes.
You’ll need excellent reflexes to see it through though, because Dead Cells is hard. It’s not unfairly or unreasonably hard, but some encounters in later areas will kill you stone dead until you learn how to handle them. Enemies can be fast, aggressive, and relentless, giving even more reason for you to beat them to the punch but making it harder to pull off that kind of brutality. The stat system allows you to focus upgrades on weapon attacks, skill attacks, or survival, but with diminishing returns so you have to weigh making your blades that little bit deadlier against giving yourself more health to work with. Your weapon selections will be key as well, and unlocking as many new ones as possible is important for finding gear that suits your playstyle. They’re surprisingly varied, with unique animations for each and some major differences between swords, spears, daggers, and so on.
As you fight you’ll earn cells which are spent between levels to unlock new permanent upgrades. You’ll need blueprints to get upgrades to buy in the first place, and those come from random drops, secret areas, or time-locked doors. In another twist on the formula, most levels have doors that only open if you reach them from the start of the game under a target time. These are a real challenge to reach, as rushing through the game can cost you some valuable exploration and additional items. The game does seem balanced around allowing you to do either and still chug along just fine though, and the meta-progression helps make even the worst runs gratifying.
And somehow, there’s yet more to flesh out this powerful formula. Levels are rife with side rooms that contain tantalizing plot threads and small rewards, and time even stops in these areas to allow you to drink in the experience. If you tire of unlocking new tools, you can pump your cells into permanent upgrades to the quality of your drops. The mutation system allows you to pick powerful perks to enhance your build, and items can be reforged during runs for new modifiers. There are higher difficulties once you beat the game with challenging new restrictions, a daily run mode that operates under a totally different point system, and even a streamer-specific mode that lets your audience play along. There’s no question that a ridiculous amount of effort went into making this game what it is, much of it coming from heeding player feedback.
Look, if you like platformers there’s really no reason not to get Dead Cells. It looks fantastic, sounds even better, and plays at least as good as your favorite brawling platformer. Seeing all there is to see will easily take dozens of hours, depending on how fast you come to grips with the challenge. In truth I can’t think of any other platformer that felt this good to play, just to run and jump and fight in, and that alone should be huge. Dead Cells has set a new gold standard for the genre, one that will be tough to match as it continues to draw players in with its gratifying action and wealth of secrets.
Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them at https://goldplatedgames.com/ or on my curation page!
Posted: June 22, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Stop looking for reasons why not to buy this game. That's what I did, and it starved me off from purchasing this lovely game for almost a month. Additionally, I typically stay away from early access. I really regret it now.
It's a very satisfying -feeling- game in two different ways.
1).This game has a very Symphony of the Night-level tightness to it's controls. It's incredible. As you start unlocking stuff and having good runs, you can feel powerful and very stylish. Or if you have an unlucky run, you can still pull out some good results by being dexterous and smart with your movement. The controls allow for this flexibility. It's great.
2). The progression feels good and scratches that itch of experimenting with new items as you unlock them. It's that "A-ha!" feeling I had in the early days of Isaac, when you first discovered items that worked really well together. At first I stayed away from the Bear Trap and Meat Grinder or Turret, but later I really appreciated how much of a safer run they were producing. Or if I have a lot of points into strength (weapon damage), then going ice/stun grenade will allow me to get in to slice and dice more efficiently.
You could write a pretty lengthy guide on different play styles and weapon combos. But what's cool is that in the beginning, you get what you get. You get forced a few times to play out of your comfortable zone, but you might fall in love with other weapons. Additionally, the weapons have sub-effects that are randomized each time. So you might get some REALLY good sub-effects on a weapon you don't know much about, but then you might have a weapon you are familiar about but with average sub-effects. Making that decision is tough because it you're thinking, "What's going to take me the furthest?" You're going to run into these decisions fairly often. After 20+ hours I'm still making these decisions, which keeps each run relatively fresh.
I see complaints about the length of runs. I'd consider this on the long side of roguelites. Maybe one of the longer ones. I have runs that go towards 1hr/30m. But I personally don't mind this. There are breaks in between levels, which you can stop at and come back to later. The length, for me, makes for a better story of "that run" and isn't short and forgettable. I don't see this game working at a 30m-45m run. Those reviewing the game negative over that fact I don't really understand. "I LOVE this game. The graphics, gameplay, controls, are amazing. But I hate having to play it so long so thumbs down."
So stop reading this and just grab it. It's fantastic. It's insanely polished and doesn't feel anything close to early access. The devs are releasing meaningful updates that include new weapons, enemies, among other small additions. I hear levels might be coming soon? What percentage of early access devs actually give you legit new content? Probably less than 1-2%?
Go have fun.
Posted: May 14, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game is an absolute blast, combining rogue-like elements, with challenging combat and awesome aesthetics.
The combat is super fluid, and it took me about 16 hours to finish my first game. There's a learning curve in terms of items, levels, monsters etc. And upon release in Early access, this is only supposed to be 40-50% of the total game. This is already crazy good value!
Are there cons? Sure, since the game is procedurally generated, after playing this game for ~29 hours there are certain patterns that I can recognize. Sometimes the levels just aren't as good as your previous run, but then you can just start over again. Because of the way the levels are generated you also never really loop around which can be really cool in a MetroidVania game, which is something I do miss.
At the moment of writing the game has just released in Early access, and there are certainly features that I'd love to see in the final product (Achievements, more upgrades, more bosses, more monsters to fight etc) but for its current price it's absolutely worth it already. I can't wait to see what more updates will come along!
So hell yea, I will totally recommend this game to anyone. The combat is super fun, the music, the aesthetics are amazing. Gameplay is fast paced, and has optional challenges in it as well to make it even more compelling to me.
An absolute blast!
Posted: June 3, 2020
ok, i only have 265 hours on this, but im gonna be honest and say that i played a lot of the game on a pirated copy way back in the day.
First off,
The game is smooth, has very pleasing visual aesthetic and colour palettes, great animations and a bit of customisation(the player skins which are all 100% unlockable ingame). It should be able to run on a plethora of machines, and even though they advise for the user to utilise a controller, i didn't feel the need for one.
Second off,
This is a rogue like. Unlike most rogue likes, you first runs will probably be pretty good. After beating the game initially, you'll be met by the option to add difficulty, i advise against jumping on this until you unlock some items and perks in the lowest difficulty possible. The item and perk(mutation) drops is either RNG or a guarantee, depending on the difficulty and type of item.
A complete run can last up to 1 hour, 1 hour and a half, depending on the difficulty, route and personal skill.
Dying is not bad. I repeat, DYING IS NOT BAD. This game teaches you stuff through death, and it;'s a great learning tool. You get destroyed by an enemy you've never seen before? Great, now you know to play safe around them or avoid them altogether.
Difficulty is split into 6 : no cell difficulty, one cell, etcetera, until 5 cell difficulty. You earn these cells by beating the "final" boss, The Hand of The King. Unlike a lot of games, deadcells implenets and interesting choice of adding difficulty. While adding damage and armor or health to certain enemies, higher difficulties will also throw new enemies at you, new mechanics to watch out for( Malaise) and also give you more loot(items, chests, shops etc). Each cell difficulty has it's own differences to the previous or next, and it's great to take your time and grow accustomed to all of them.
Third off,
The community is great. The devs speak to the community, try to understand their complaints and strongly deliver. Unless you're a total rogue like god, this game should give you more than enough hours of entertainment, fun and rage. I strongly recommend this game to anyone willing to either dive into the genre, or further explore it.
Posted: August 7, 2023
Going hitless through the entire game just to die to Hand of the King in like 20 seconds flat should earn this game the psychological horror tag.
Posted: September 4, 2023
Do NOT go to the Derelict Distillery
Posted: June 22, 2017
I love it.
Fluent and polished combat, cool sounds and the levels all have their own
respected aspects. The enemies in this game are ok balance wise IMO. Only thing I'd suggest is
making the first boss harder as he feels too easy as it is right now. Cursed chests don't feel rewarding enough, maybe give them cursed chest exclusive items like weapons or buffs? Finally the time door mechanic is a great idea, but the execution is a bit poor, you run the door once for a blueprint then there is not much use going for it again and again.
+ good looking game
+ fluent combat
+ what I expected from a roguelike
+ cool areas and variety of enemies
- The Incomplete One feels too simple
- Time doors are not rewarding enough to keep doing them
- Cursed chests rewards need a rework see comments above
overall awesome game I'd recommend you atleast try it, just don't forget to eat and sleep ;^)
Update: Woah the content this studio has been providing for over a year now is amazing. Each patch brings something unique to the game.
Posted: June 8, 2023
start, gear up, get to boss, kill it, get to higher level biome, die,
start, gear up, get to boss, kill it, get to higher level biome, die,
start, gear up, get to boss, kill it, get to higher level biome, die,
start, gear up, get to boss, kill it, get to higher level biome, die,
start, gear up, get to boss, kill it, get to higher level biome, die,
start, gear up, get to boss, kill it, get to higher level biome, get to final boss, die,
start, gear up, get to boss, kill it, get to higher level biome, get to final boss, die,
start, gear up, get to boss, kill it, get to higher level biome, get to final boss, kill final boss, "die",
Posted: November 9, 2022
"Avenger is the most ambitious crossover of all time"
Deadcells: Everyone is Here vol.2
Posted: June 24, 2017
This is truly one of those "okay, one more try and I'll sleep" game. Then soon you will realize the sun already started rise. And Developers are very active, and only developers who are really listen players.
Posted: January 25, 2020
I was never a fan of rogue-likes, but this game is so good in every possible aspect that when I first installed it, I played almost 5-6 hours straight without even realizing that it's already morning.
Posted: January 19, 2023
You die a lot. You get bad weapon combos a lot. But you just can't. stop. playing.
Posted: June 27, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Addictive gameplay, fast combat and a lot of items for different builds. I don't usually buy early access games but this one has decent content.
Posted: April 9, 2022
Dead cells is the type of game that you first pirate it then get blown away by how amazing the game is and actually buy it on steam, I love this damn game and a lot of people seem to agree with me.
Posted: April 12, 2023
Using the Machete and Pistol weapon is the closest thing we'll ever get to Bloodborne on PC
Posted: October 28, 2021
It's hard af and I am likewise
Posted: March 7, 2023
The Castlevania DLC is great. When is Konami gonna do a Steam release of Symphony of the Night?
Posted: August 6, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
stop calling games dark souls
Posted: January 11, 2022
It's like the Dark Cells of Dead Souls
Posted: June 23, 2021
I played this game for 577 hours by the time I write this. You don't play that much a game unless it's gold or you hate yourself a lot, but this is not League of Legends so trust me, it's a good game. And they update it constantly even though it was released more than 4 years ago, so new characters, levels, weapons and game mechanics reworks are released quite regularly, which explains why didn't I just get bored of it once I beat it.
Posted: August 30, 2023
>start game
>die
>learn to roguelike
>memorize every enemy’s attack pattern
>still die
>find optimal routes and builds
>accidentally die
>rage for hours
>get back in dead cells and power through the game with the power of practice
>beat the tutorial
>freak out
>250 hours later beat true final boss
>play something else
>worth every fricken penny.
Posted: May 11, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's almost 5 am. This game ruined my entire day. It came out like 16 hours ago and I have 14 hours of gameplay so if that isn't convincing enough then don't buy it. I wasn't waiting on it to launch either I just saw it and picked it up.
Must put it down. Sleep. Work. Human things.
Posted: March 3, 2019
“No way! I totally rolled out of the way and I still got hit!”
“Arghh, how did I get killed there? I ground-pounded that guy!”
“There’s no chance that arrow actually hit me!”
“Where did that explosion come from?”
“Stop teleporting to meeee!”
“This game is so unfair!”
These are just some of the things you will shout while playing this game… all the while knowing that the real reason you just died was… your own error.
This is one of the best designed games I have ever seen. Perfect controls, perfect combat, perfect platforming, You MUST own this game.

Posted: May 1, 2020
Dead Cells is yet another rogue-like that promises fast paced combat, a large arsenal of unlockables in the form of skills, mutations, and weapons, and hours of randomly generated gameplay. In the ocean of forgettable titles, Dead Cells delivers phenomenally and has rightfully earned the title of my favorite rogue-like to date.
Disclaimer: I haven’t played the Bad Seed DLC yet.
Played with PlayStation 4 controller
Positive:
Controls feel incredibly responsive, which allows for smooth, fast-paced, and fair combat. While deaths can be frustrating, I have yet to experience one that wasn’t my fault. Poorly timed dodge-rolls, unfamiliar enemies/bosses and overconfidence usually led to my doom.
The game encourages you to maintain a high pace by introducing optimizations such as speed boosts after killing enemies, fast downward smashing, and numerous teleportation portals per level (to quickly relocate if you hit a dead end). Runs can take as little as 8 minutes (I believe this is the record at the moment) or as long as you wish.
What I found remarkable is how flexible this game is in regards to playstyles:
It should come as no surprise that there is a large arsenal of unlockable weapons, shields, abilities, and mutations for you to unlock and use. There are so many viable builds/playstyles that only increases with playtime. However, it is important to note that all these (with the exception of mutations) have item levels. To keep up with the powered up enemies, it is usually a good idea to pick up stronger weapons/abilities along the way. This often forces you to change playstyle and makes for very dynamic gameplay even within the same run. Additionally, you can pay to reroll your weapon/ability modifiers or reset your mutations to create a build that better synchronizes with itself. Stringing together an end-game build from bits and pieces that you found long the way feels fantastic.
You are not punished for playing at your preferred speed (rushed or taking your time). Both approaches have their inherent advantages/disadvantages while playing the level: [rushed] lower risk of taking damage but you collect fewer resources (cells and money), and run the risk of missing items and power scrolls (health and damage upgrade); [slow] basically the opposite. At the end of most levels two bonus doors are available, one for completing a level in a certain amount of time (rushed), and the other for killing x enemies without taking any damage (slow). So regardless of your preference, you can be rewarded extra cells (currency to unlock new items/upgrades) and powerful items to pick from. If you play your cards right, you can even unlock both doors.
Unlocking better items is not necessary to win a run. Sure, some items are inherently better than others; however, knowledge and experience are much more valuable. It is very possible to win your first run (no unlocks) at the default difficulty, which is not always the case in roguelike games. In my opinion, this shows how well designed and balanced Dead Cells is.
While the end boss is always the same, the path you take to get there can vary. Essentially there are several different levels/biomes you can explore with unique layouts, visual styles, sets of enemies and environmental hazards. However, these only become accessible once you obtain the correct rune(s). Runes (permanent upgrades) grant you new abilities, such as wall jumping and empowered downward smash. Each ability grants you access to a new biome, which in turn leads you to a new rune. Stringing together the newly unlocked routes to then explore new biomes and face new enemies added novelty to each run and made my overall experience that much more enjoyable. Dead Cells manages to combine the random nature of rogue-likes with the feeling of progression seamlessly.
The hidden nuggets of unexpected humor juxtaposed the gloomy environment and were a welcome interruption to the intense gameplay. I especially loved the Dark Souls easter egg.
Neutral:
There is definitely a level of “Git gud” required to play, especially once you start adding boss cells (increasing difficulty). Beating your first run, which in my case took about 3 hours (approximately 8 runs), is just the beginning. Doing so unlocks your first boss cell, which is a difficulty setting that can be toggled before you start a run; default is difficulty is 0 boss cells, and 5 is max. Increasing the difficulty to 1 already made a significant change, where enemies are tougher and health refills are more scarce. Thankfully, as an added bonus, you are able to open random doors with a 1 boss cell mark on them, which often provides valuable items. However, I am currently tapped out at 2 boss cells. At this point I question whether the time investment to benefit ratio is worth it to me anymore. Sure there’s the challenge aspect to it but having already explored all biomes thoroughly, I don’t know whether I want to keep playing for the sake of “gittin gudder”. To each their own. Regardless, given how much I enjoy Dead Cells, I still have every intention to play it every now and again.
This is probably just a personal issue of mine but I can’t help gravitating towards certain weapons and skills that suit my play style (if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it). It’s a shame that I don’t experiment with the many available weapons and practically left shields untouched.
Negative:
Couldn’t think of any ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Verdict:
★★★★✬ Not your average rogue-like
Dead Cells stands several feet taller than most games in the same genre. The fluid controls, fast-paced action, level diversity and in-game progression are all top notch. The only real downside I can think of is: it’s a rogue-like - you might eventually feel like you have explored enough. Naturally, this isn’t a fault specific to this game, but rather to the genre as a whole. Would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys 2D rogue-likes.
If you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up and follow me on my curator page. Thank you for your support!
Posted: December 28, 2020
It's a Metroidvania roguelite that handles incredibly smoothly. Prepare to "just one more level" yourself into oblivion.
Posted: February 6
If Hollow Knight met Hades, they would become Dead Cells
Posted: July 21, 2023
"absolutely AWFUL, this game is trash"
-Me, on my 18th rage quit
"absolutely perfect, this game is awesome"
-Me, on beating the game
"absolutely AWFUL, this game is trash"
-Me, on my 19th rage quit
Posted: July 1, 2023
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10

Posted: March 29, 2020
It runs perfectly on my 2010 work laptop.
Posted: September 9, 2023
pros: you can kill bats
cons: bats kill you more often
Posted: June 23, 2021
~ DIFFICULTY ~
▢ No Difficulty
▢ Easy
▢ Normal
🟩 Hard
▢ Impossible
~ PLAYER BASE ~
▢ Everyone
▢ Kids
▢ Mature
🟩 Casual Players
▢ Tryhards
▢ Pro Players
~ GRAPHICS ~
▢ What Is This?
▢ Acceptable
▢ Good
▢ Great
▢ Beautiful
🟩 Masterpiece
~ SOUND/MUSIC ~ (Using Headphones)
▢ Bad
▢ Nothing Special
▢ Good
▢ Great
🟩 Beautiful
▢ I´m Gonna Cry
~ STORY ~
▢ This Game Has No Story
▢ Like Playing "Candy Crush" For The Story
▢ It´s Alright
🟩 Well Written
▢ Epic Story
▢ Thinking About It, When I Sleep
~ PRICE ~
▢ Free
▢ Underpriced
🟩 Perfect Price
▢ Could Be Cheaper
▢ Overpriced
~ REQUIREMENTS ~
▢ A Toaster Could Run This
🟩 Average
▢ Above Average
▢ High End
▢ NASA Computer
~ LENGTH ~
▢ Very Short (0-2 Hours)
▢ Short (2-20 Hours)
▢ Average (20-50 Hours)
🟩 Long (50-200 Hours)
▢ VERY Long (200-... Hours)
▢ Multiplayer/Neverending
~ FUN ~
▢ I´d Rather Watch Grass Grow
▢ Hard To Enjoy
▢ Repetitive
▢ It´s Okay
▢ Fun To Be Had For Sure
🟩 The Kind Of Fun You Will Remember
▢ Life Changing
~ WORTH BUYING ~
▢ No
▢ Wait For A Sale
▢ Yes
🟩 I Can´t Recommend It Enough
~ FINAL SCORE ~
9/10
Posted: June 6, 2019
I greatly enjoyed my time with this game, but it's time to move on.
The controls are impeccable, combat is satisfying, and permanent upgrades are addictive. I appreciate that the platforming is emphasized less than the combat. The vast variety of items and upgrades allows many different playstyles, even within the same run.
The catch? Now I've beaten the final boss, and I'm in an awkward place where normal mode is too easy and hard mode is too hard-- that is, a single hit from a zombie can remove all of my health. I like difficulty or I would not have made it this far, but now the punishment for a single mistake is so severe that it's just not fun anymore.
So I wish there were an intermediate difficulty level, but still: great work and I would highly recommend.
Posted: October 21, 2022
Got this for the steam deck, it works flawlessly and doesn't tax the battery too much at all either.
Such a fun game, you need to get through the first learning curve but the cycle time getting back into the action is quick. I love how many of the weapons have clear conditions on causing critical hits, unlike your traditional x% chance to cause a critical many weapons in Dead Cells will trigger 100% of the time if you satisfy the conditions they call for.
So for example you'll have a bow that'll crit at long range, another at short range, other weapons might crit when the enemy is burning.
This makes for some wonderfully imaginative playstyles, and given the HUGE array of weapons keeps the game fresh.
The only aspect which I wish was clearer at the start and took me a bit to pickup is the upgrade system, you essentially have 3 skills, Red, Green and Blue which relate to Brutality, Survival and Tactics; what they're called isn't important but the game doesn't make it super clear how importing stacking one of these is, once you realise that and start doing it, you get further and are more successful in your runs.
Is one of those games which "changes when you complete it" and finishing the game is only the start. The game is initially very hard, but also completely fair.
100% recommend, especially if you have a steam deck.
Posted: December 22, 2023
my favorite least effective stress reliever
Posted: June 26, 2023
adhd 👍
Posted: December 27, 2022
This game and Hades are games we will talk about decades later.
Posted: March 21, 2022
those cells sure are dead
Posted: March 31, 2023
how many sales can a dead cell sell if a dead cell sells dead cells?
Posted: August 20, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game makes you look cool infront of yourself
Posted: December 1, 2020
The developers clearly love this game. Years later, they are still fine tuning it, listening to the players, and adding content for free. The replay value was already high, and this adds to that.
Also, the game is hard.
Posted: December 27, 2021
⢸⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⡷⡄
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀ r u dying son?
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠖⠒⠒⠒⢤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀
⢸⠀⠀⣀⢤⣼⣀⡠⠤⠤⠼⠤⡄⠀⠀ ⡇⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠑⡤⠤⡒⠒⠒⡊⠙⡏⠀⢀⠀ ⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠇⠀⣀⣀⣀⣀⢀⠧⠟⠁⠀ ⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠸⣀⠀⠀⠈⢉⠟⠓⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢱⡖⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⢺⠧⢄⣀⠀⠀⣀⣀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⣠⠃⢸⠀⠀⠈⠉⡽⠿⠯⡆⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⣰⠁⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠉⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠣⠀⠀⢸⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⢇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡌⠀⠈⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠃⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⢸
Posted: December 12, 2021
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second live for grinding
---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10

Posted: May 17, 2021
You know what. Let's try a serious review this time.
So, I've been playing this game on and off, I also have it on my phone, and I own all the DLC.
So, practically it's just a rogue-lite game where you have perm progression, and things to unlock, right? That's the where fun begins. Gameplay is very fast paced, but also suitable for slower/methodical gameplay styles with certain colours and mutations. Monster variety is good, weapon variety is superb, biomes are usually fun with their own twists. You can be a maniac that kicks everyone to death, or you can rain death from above with certain weapons, you can feel like a wizard, or someone with a full automatic assault rifle!
While lore part of the game isn't the strongest asset of the game, it's still enjoyable and decent. Soundtracks are quite nice, only bad thing about the game is grinding for certain things that will take AGES, but gameplay is so fun that you can just keep blasting things around and it'll come to you eventually.
As for difficulty, don't think you have learned the game after you beat 0BC, BOTH 0 and 1BC is the tutorial level for the game, about learning the core mechanics, synergies, going with the runs flow and late-game planning. But I'd still say that the difficulty levels are well designed, it used to be WAY harder before.
11/10, would buy it on switch too and gift every friend of mine that loves such games, if I could have sex with a game I'd have sex with this one.
Posted: September 9, 2018
Short version:
The best platform 2d roguelite I've played in my life.
A bit longer version:
This game is incredibly addictive, although I do not like grind, in this game after a few dozen hours I am not bored. All thanks to RNG, very often the game forces you to play some combination of the equipment you just found and you have to learn a different style of fight.
Personally, I defeated the last boss after 30 HOURS OF THE GAME. I do not remember when I felt such a huge satisfaction from a fight, my hands trembled for a minute after the fight.
And this is just the beginning, after defeating the final boss you unlock new levels of difficulty, which significantly diversify and hinder the game.
I doubt I would ever beat this game at the Nightmare level, but I can have dreams, right?
After dozens of hours of the game, the game never got stuck, it did not go down, the optimization is brilliant. I did not even find a single bug.
One of the few Early Access games that has been a huge success.
I recommend this game even to novice players in this roguelite game genre. I was skeptical about this title, but I took a chance and I do not regret it.
Satisfaction guaranteed!
Posted: March 1, 2023
I hate this game so damn much.
10/10 play it,
Posted: January 20, 2022
good game, possibly great
Posted: February 6, 2020
A master class ! This and Hollow Knight are the best platformers ever made.
Posted: March 6, 2023
This game is worse than crack cocaine
Posted: February 17
there are 5 tutorials

Posted: June 24, 2022
live, die, repeat
live, die, repeat
live, die, repeat
live, die, repeat
live, achieve, die, repeat
live, die, come back to life, die again, repeat
live, live little bit more, defeat some bosses and die again.
do these couple of times and then again live, die and repeat
Posted: June 30, 2020
The TL;DR of this is that I enjoyed this game enough to buy it twice, the second time being on steam so I could get achievements here and also buy the DLC. I owned it the first time on switch, and although I have a lot of problems with this game, my main takeaway is that it's good enough to deserve my money more than once.
Dead Cells is Yet Another Roguelike, and also seems to be trying to mimic dark souls' atmosphere and combat when you look at it from a surface level. So why should this game deserve your time? Well quite simply put, it does it well. The balance of early game powercreep is very satisfying, the combat is lightning fast, and the unlockables are really satisfying. There's a ton of secrets, and the game really manages to balance "castlevania clone" and "roguelike" well in the sense that you're constantly exploring new areas despite having permadeath.
Main Guy Protaganist Man starts out really overpowered and you can essentially zoop and slash your way through the "entire" game in your very first run. In fact, I did so both times I played this game. It's very easy to think the game's difficulty is way too low because of that, but what I appreciate is that Dead Cells respects your time and promptly triples the difficulty upon "ascending" to new difficulty levels after the fact. Suddenly after getting the first ending there are three times the enemies everywhere, they all deal double damage, and new enemy types appear in every level. Bosses that were previously cakewalks now three-hit you. I really love all this because other roguelikes will always have that infamous "the game is boring for the first half hour of your run" section, and Dead Cells starts off with you being overpowered and bumps up the enemies to being equally overpowered right away. It also feels like nearly every successful run you are finding new areas and getting new powerups to make your life easier, and there are loads of secrets that will probably require some sort of guide to figure out; this sounds like a downside but I really love the cryptic layers of areas in this game.
There are loads of problems I have with this game though, and they're not small enough to just dismiss. While I had no issue with the difficulty scaling in the first boss cell run, I very much have problems with the game when you get up to difficulty three to five. Health bars become suggestions, and you die instantly to the point of wondering why life upgrades even exist. There's actually a system to make it so you can't die in one hit- but the invulnerability lasts only a quarter of a second and enemies attack way faster than that. You'll usually get combo juggled to death instantly. This also adds to potential frustration of being too good at the game and progressing things too fast: if you cruise through a run and only die at a difficulty once or twice, you'll find yourself unlocking new areas at difficulties you can't take them on. You can always go back to an easier difficulty, but unlocks are gated to new enemy types found at the harder ones... so you have to decide whether you want to unlock a new ending and explore a new area or unlock new equipment and potentially progress further in the game.
Sometimes your character's controls are too powerful: while the combat being fast is very satisfying, sometimes movement is so fast you'll constantly grab ledges you don't mean to and slip all over the place. I don't know how you could solve this since you need the automatic ledge grabbing feature and fast movement to dodge all of the ridiculous damage the game throws at you, but when things get too hectic it feels like you're coated in a layer of butter. Dead Cells also loves thinking it's a bullet hell from time to time, and this is quickly squashed by your hitbox being the entire sprite of your character and the bullets being fairly large. There are some bosses where I beat them on higher difficulties simply by hoping they don't do certain attacks (the sewer boss comes to mind).
I also don't understand what tone the developers are going for in this game. Half of the game's atmosphere is this moody world where everyone is dying and oppression is taking over the land, and the other half is your character being Basically Deadpool and weapons literally being references to memes. While I get that your character is a rogueish bastard who doesn't care about other people's lives, he's also incredibly annoying to me and takes me out of any potential interest I have in the plot.
But the game is good. I did the thing again where I talk about all the bad things about the game, yet I enjoyed it enough to get to difficulty four and want to buy the game a second time. The combat is satisfying, the game is constantly updated, and the exploration is very rewarding. I'd definitely give this a big thumbs up, but only after being pummeled to death multiple times and raising it from a pile of broken bones and charred flesh.
Posted: July 22, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is my first Early Access game and it was the perfect pick for the experience. I got it for 12 dollars and it's a steal at this price.
I've bought this game 11 months ago a couple of months after it started in EA and my only regret is I didn't buy it sooner.
The changes and evolution of the game that I've experienced from 0.3 up to 0.9 (currently) has been beautiful to say the least.
The game stayed refreshing and different each time I played it. It was the most enriching way to experience the game.
But that doesn't mean it's not worth getting now. It still has at least 2 major DLCs coming (one for free, the other paid) that are promised to have a large amount of content and it now has modding capabilities with more updates to give modders better control over the content.
So what is Dead Cells ?
It's a 2D rogue-lite action platformer with emphasis on speed and a refreshingly adequate amount of RNG and great music.
The game needs you to explore 100% all areas and locations to get the most out of it.
The controls and movement are smooth. The weapons and items are fun and unique. There are more than 80 of them and you need to unlock most of them. The enemies are distinct and balanced. All the areas have traits, design and music that makes you want to come back for more every single time.
The game has some secrets that blend in a bit too well but when you find them out on your own, it would be as satisfying as nohitting a boss for the first time. (There are as of now 4 bosses with talks of them becoming 6 in future updates)
tl;dr: If you enjoy rogue-lites, this is a very special and unique one to enjoy. If you don't, watch some gameplay, you might like it for the fast-paced fighting, fluid movement or music and art style.
Posted: May 14, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Dead Cells is an utterly addicting, super polished 2D action platformer roguelite. Combat truly is Dark Souls-lite; it's all about the timing, and when you make a mistake it's punishing. But I don't find this title to be all that difficult either, to be honest. You know the gameplay loop already - it's the same thing we've seen a million times before. There are metaupgrades. If you can make it to the end of the loop, you spend your money (souls dropped by some dead enemies), as well as 'blueprints' that unlock new items you can 'buy'.
The combat is great fun. It flows really smoothly and is simply just a ton of fun. I'm not going into any more 'positive' stuff because you can read about that ad nauseaum in, like, every other review.
As far as negatives - it certainly gets repetitive, and in a way the first couple hours are the best part. At hour 7, I'm still having fun and will continue to grind, which says alot if you know me. I won't stick around if something is not great fun. There really isn't much enemy variation as of yet, but I think that will change. While the devs say they will double the content, I fear it actually needs more than double the item/weapon content. Either way, I would recommend playing this. Another nit pick is that the 'MetroidVania' aspect of this is quite weak. Instead of getting something like a double-jump that allows you to BOTH access a new area AND adds functionality to combat, you just get a key to open a new door to a new area. The 'key' in this sense might be the ability to make a vine grow that is pre-placed through level generation, or teleport using pre-placed tombs. It doesn't actually give you a functional ability.
Pros:
+Terribly addicting game loop
+Super tight controls with fluid combat that is oh-so fun
+Artwork and music are perfect
+Proc gen level design is refreshing; there is a mix of outside and inside levels with branching paths
Cons:
-The first two hours has you thinking there is a metric ton of content, and while there is absolutely enough to keep you playing for hours, you'll start to see through it a bit; keep in mind this is nit picky, but I'm trying to be transparent about how I felt as I played
-Enemy variation is low
-I think it needs more items then what I read the devs have planned (obviously these 'cons' could be removed over time as Early Access state changes)
-The 'MetroidVania' elements are kind of cheap
A must own for anyone interested in this genre.
Posted: August 8, 2018
I have to thank IGN. If they hadn't plagiarized that guys review, I wouldn't of heard of this amazing game.
Now on to my review:
===[]===
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe
The neo-retro pixilated graphics are beautiful in their own way.
===[]===
☐ Addictive like heroin
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t
Just...one...more...run....
===[]===
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape
Great OST
===[]===
☐ Average Solitare Players
☐ Casuals
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
===[]===
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Office PC
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Top of the line rig
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
And office PC can run it on low settings.
===[]===
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
===[] ===
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second life for grinding
It's a rougelite.
===[] ===
☐ If you want story, then go read a book
☐ Depends a DLC
☑ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovley
☐ It‘ll replace your life
===[]===
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
===[]===
☐ There is no „price“
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
===[]===
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Assassin‘s Creed: Unity
☐ Get a bug spray. Or more. A lot more. Or maybe a flamethrower. Or a nuke.
Posted: April 20, 2022
best Roguelike i have ever played (didn't play any)

Posted: November 3, 2019
This is truly one of those "okay, one more try and I'll sleep" game. Then soon you will realize the sun already started rise. And Developers are very active, and only developers who are really listen players.
Posted: June 2, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game is so great that I'm writing my first, and probably only Steam review ever to recommend it. Go buy this game, it's amazing.
Posted: December 29, 2023
"I'll just do one more run and then go to bed"
Posted: March 1
my cells are dead
Posted: November 19, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The Cycle of Dead Cells
1. FInd some new item and think it's cool
2. Kill some enemies with it
3. Get killed by harder enemy
4. Realized what you could have done to not die
5. Repeat until mastery
I love this game
Solid 9/10
Posted: January 19, 2021
With its lightning fast dodge-roll action and parrying that actually works for a change, this roguelike should keep you busy upwards of 20 hours -- even if the maze-like procedurally generated levels make things a bit too dull for extended play. It's permadeath of course, and except for the indelible runes that let you do things like teleport and run up walls, your accumulated treasures -- weapons, traps, and stat upgrades -- disintegrate along with your borrowed body. To make up for it, you can unlock better items and even lock out crappy ones if you keep pumping cells (the game's version of souls) into various homunculus-manned hoppers. This winnowing of the chaff makes it far more likely you'll be able to consistently assemble a powerful item set for your preferred play-style. It'll take a few deaths to get to that point, though, so be patient. But I guess a truly impatient man wouldn't try to play a game like this, would he?
Unlike so many of its grim, po-faced brethren, this "so hard it's good" offering handles its undead fantasy apocalypse with a touch of silly humor and more neon highlights than an '80s album cover. It suited me perfectly fine, and if you don't mind glowing zombies and bulky, Golden Age robots in sentai cosplay, it'll do you right, too. Aesthetic, I dub thee radioactive pixel candy!
As I said earlier, I enjoyed Dead Cells heartily for my twenty hours or so, but it's not an intriguing enough game to keep me coming back forevermore -- DLC areas and additional difficulty modes notwithstanding. As a roguelike, it just doesn't have the staying power of classics like The Binding of Isaac or Spelunky. There's too much time spent navigating same-y mazes here, whereas in BoI, the levels are essentially open arenas, thus transparent to the player and no hindrance to dynamism -- while Spelunky's stages are unpredictable living things, as deadly to the player as any foe. Compared to these, Dead Cells' levels are overlong and dull. And the difficulty modes aren't worth looking into, by the way; they mostly consist of making harder-hitting enemies ever more likely to teleport right in your friggin' face. It's really too bad the ultimate super secret boss is hiding behind five layers of the damned cheap things.
This is a good game though, don't get me wrong; I enjoyed it well enough, and now our time together is at an end. If the random, "eternally playable" aspect of it wasn't so touted, my review would be far, far more laudatory. But hey, if you're young and you've got the time and tolerance for repetition (I used to have tons of both, way back when), I can easily see how you could make this your go-to game for half a year. And say you just want to dive in, beat the boss of the main campaign, and leave? You can do that without spending an inordinate amount of life on it. Nine bucks is a fair price for that kind of experience, so if you think you might be a Dead Cells nibbler like me, wait for a sale.
(Part of me wishes the incredible action of this game -- and the delicious parrying, ooooo the parrying! -- took place in a handcrafted world rather than a repetitive algorithmic one. But if wishes were fishes, we'd all have some fried, right?)
Posted: June 1, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Overall score: 8/10
Did I get my money's worth?: Yes
Recommended input: Controller
As someone who doesn't care for either Metroidvania games or Roguelike/lite games, Dead Cells was a fantastic surprise and the best game I've played from either genre.
The good
This game is fun as hell. That may seem obvious, given my high rating of the game, but not all mechanically "good" games are fun and not all fun games are mechanically good. Dead Cells is both. There's never a dull moment in this game and gameplay is very satisfying. From weapon and enemy variety to unlockables and upgrades to sound design and smooth flow of pacing, the sheer enjoyment-factor is worth a paragraph of its own.
The visuals speak for themselves. Screenshots don't do the game justice, but watch some high-resolution video of Dead Cells and you'll see that it's a shining example of how pixel graphics can look fantastic. Spites are given high framerate animations and there are tons of visual details in the game, like how the sun shines on you from the moving background, making a very tasteful lighting effect even without washing out the gritty atmospheres of certain levels. I like how chains and other background items animate when you run past them.
I briefly mentioned sound design earlier, but it's worth emphasis that the sound design is really good. I'll never get tired of the ever-so-satisfying TING! sound of critical hits, or the sound of a defeated boss exploding into loot. The game's soundtrack is also great and will likely be something I'll get nostaligic for in a few years. A few of my favorite themes from the game are Promenade Of The Condemned, ClockTower, and Food Merchant. You can listen to (and purchase) the full OST here[valmontderagondas.bandcamp.com].
Progression in Dead Cells is done very well. I always hated the feeling that roguelike games left me with when I put blood, sweat, and tears into a game with nothing to show for it. Opting for the roguelite genre was a very smart move because it both removes that feeling and adds a lot of replayability to the game. I've just beaten the game for the first time at 14 hours of play time and I'm excited to hop right back in to unlock more stuff. Beyond measurable progression, I felt that Dead Cells has done a good job of teaching me how to deal with enemies. For example, I died when fighting the Timekeeper boss for the first time and I labeled her as "Hard as ♥♥♥♥". Every attempt after that, however, I beat her and she's become easier and easier to get past. In one attempted run, I was able to kill her in around 30 seconds. As the player, these accomplishments feel super good and is the reason why so many people love difficult games. With Dead Cells, it really feels like I grew with the game and beating it made me feel like I had become a stronger person.
Pseudo-random generation has gotten a bad reputation in video games and there are good reasons for that. In many past games, randomly-generated levels feel uninspired, they feel lazy, they feel illogical. Maybe you'll see the same few rooms over and over, just in a different order. Well, you know what? Screw what you know about pseudo-random generation because Dead Cells has perfected it. Every area of every run feels like it could have been specifically designed while the random generation keeps it fresh and achieves everything that some earlier games with this mechanic had hoped and failed to do. Random loot drops are given levels and rarities that can make crappy weapons and equipment very powerful. Gear is also given fun bonuses that can be 're-rolled' for a fee, allowing some random customization and tons of viable build combinations.
The bad
Dead Cells wants to be known for it's difficulty and, while there's nothing wrong with that, the game isn't always fair. There aren't any particular enemies or even bosses that make me feel this way, but there are often groups of enemies that can be overbearing. It sucks to get cornered by a group of enemies, permanently stunning you while you watch your full health bar drop. You might say that this teaches the player to carefully plan attacks, to lure and prioritize certain enemies and fight from a good position when facing the group, but... realistically, the strategy for dealing with groups is to stand back and throw traps or grenades at them until you pick off enough enemies to fight the rest by hand. Most games like this give a small window of invulnerability after your character takes damage, but not this one. If you have 20 enemies slapping you in the corner, it's near impossible to find a short window of opportunity to get out of it and, if you do succeed, you'll have done it at the cost of a ton of health. Everything else, including all of the current bosses, have seemed pretty fair.
Other things to consider
As you've likely noticed, this is an Early Access review and Dead Cells is still subject to many changes before release. This review is for the game as of the time of writing (May 31, 2018 - Baguette Update) and I may change this review to reflect changes in upcoming updates. It's also worth mentioning that, despite being in Early Access, the game doesn't feel incomplete.
Conclusion
Great art, awesome soundtrack, fun as hell, and tons of replayability. Dead Cells is a great game and I look forward to its full release.
Posted: January 26, 2023
Steam tells me that I purchased this game in June 2018.
I only completed the game on 5 boss cells two DAYS ago. That's how shockingly bad I am at Dead Cells.
However, never, in my entire 30 years of playing video games, have I hated and loved a game in equal measure as I much do this one.
It's easily my favourite game on Steam, if not one of my favourite games ever. It makes me hate myself in a way no other game can. I've thrown controllers, I've shouted in despair, I have rage quit more times than I can remember.
But, NOTHING, can match the feeling I got when I finally killed that damn collector!
I HATE the damn birds.
I HATE the damn sewer mushrooms.
I HATE the Astrolabs.
I LOVE THIS GAME.
Posted: March 17, 2019
Difficulty: Easy |-----------x---| Hard
Not impossibly hard but it's very challenging. It's for you if you like the genre.
Grind: Few |-------x------| Lots
Nice ratio of rewards per run.
Music: Meh |------------x-| Nnnnnice.
Fits the theme very well.
Controls: Painful |----------------|---x Smoooth. (i.e. very good.)
Best I've experienced.
Look/feel: mmmkay |-------x-----| Jaw-drops
It's decent. They focus a lot on giving feedback to learn from (enemy attacks, traps, etc)
It's not for everyone but definitely a good buy.
Posted: August 31, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
F*CK THIS ♥♥♥♥ *quits*
Okay maybe one more run *launches*
Posted: November 26, 2023
french developers but game is good
Posted: July 11, 2023
you can pet the cat :)
Posted: July 4, 2022
This game is like slamming your head against a wall, and once you get used to the pain the wall gets 100 times harder. 10/10 incredible game
Posted: December 30, 2021
Top 2 metroidvania in history. God forbid that i said Dead Cells is number 2 but it is. Its not number 1 though.
We know who the hell that is. Its Hollow Knight.
Posted: January 14, 2021
this game is stupid and it sucks and i hate it. 10/10, would recommend
Posted: December 2, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
-Did you like Castlevania but wish it was brutally punishing?
-Did you like Dark Souls but wish it was 2D and more responsive?
-Did you like Rogue Legacy but wished it was skillfully challenging?
Yes to any of these? Buy this game.
Actually, stop reading reviews and just go watch some gameplay, then buy this game. Yeah, do that one.
Posted: December 29, 2021
It is fun to die a lot.
I am terrible at platformers, but this one doesn't punish me for falling, it punishes me for not dodging and slow reflexes. Enemy variety is massive, enemies are challenging (though sometimes cheap, as they can hit you through floors - which isn't even really that much of a problem since you're so mobile, my only complaint is sometimes you can't even see them on screen and you're getting attacked).
One of the better roguelikes I've played where I feel like I'm still making progress even though I've died and lost some cells. And because loot is interesting, it's really fun to try new builds each run. Mixing and matching different weapons, grenades and mutations keep things fresh and all of it seems viable.
The art is great and the music is unique and memorable. Character controls / movement feels responsive and snappy, controls are intuitive. A very well designed game that is only marred by the fact that prior to purchasing DLC you will come upon areas you will not have access to which I find kind of distasteful.
Posted: April 27, 2021
~ DIFFICULTY ~
🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
🔲Normal
✅ Hard
🔲 It is harder than bedrock
~ GRAPHICS ~
🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics dont matter in this
🔲 Good
🔲 Beautiful
✅ Masterpiece
~ MUSIC ~
🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
🔲 Good
✅ Beautiful
~ STORY ~
🔲 This game has no story
✅ Like playing Temple Runners for the story
✅ It's there for the people who want it
🔲 Well written
🔲 Epic story
~ PRICE ~
Underpriced
🔲 Perfect Price
✅ Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money
~ REQUIREMENTS ~
🔲 You can run it on a microwave/toaster
✅ School computer
🔲 Average
🔲 High end
🔲 NASA computer
~ LENGTH ~
🔲 Extremely Short (60 minutes or less)
🔲 Very Short (1 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15-50 hours)
🔲 Long (50-90 hours)
✅ Extremely long (90-110+ hours)
🔲 No ending
~ FUN ~
🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
🔲 Actually pretty amusing
✅ Ride of your life
~ REPLAYABILITY~
🔲 Wasn't worth completing
🔲 It's a one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months/years
✅ Definitely
🔲 Infinitely replayable
~ WORTH BUYING ~
🔲 Remove this from the steam store
🔲 No
✅ Wait for sale
🔲 Yes
🔲 You NEED to experience this game
Posted: September 10, 2023
Saw this game once on YouTube and I thought it looked nice, so I pirated it. I played it for hours on end, then I saw that it was exiting early access, so I decided to support the devs.
200 hours later, 5 DLCs in, and only 2 spoiler boss kills, I can DEFINITELY say this game is legit.
(Oh, and also, Serenade, my beloved <3)
Posted: August 1, 2023
This game make me irrationally angry. 9/10
Posted: August 12, 2019
You'll spend 40 minutes on a run, die to some bulls**t, and then try again, not really caring that you died, because this game feels so good to play. So smooth, so so smooth.
Posted: January 27, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Dead Cells is wonderful, Dead Cells is addictive... but why? For me, it's the kind of game that I continue thinking about the moment I put it down. It is also the kind of game that you pick up and play, f*ck up royally, and when you are spat out again at the beginning, you mumble to yourself "oh okay, one last try" and you are thrust right back into the action as soon as you take control of your character. I never feel bored when I am playing Dead Cells.
Bosses feel tough but balanced, level design is solid enough (though some areas are mazes in every sense of the word and it can be a real chore finding the way out, making for some tense moments). The combat is VERY well designed, it just feels right shooting a bow or swinging a sword or parrying an attack with a shield. Personally, no weapon is a true favorite, I like trying out everything - which is easy to do in this game, as well.
Finally, the game does NOT feel early access to me. There is tons of content to worth with and the devs are activity adding content all the time. This is, hand's down, the best indie game I have played in some time. I have triple A titles waiting to be played on console, but this calls to me first before all else.
Posted: May 29, 2022
This review is a warning.
Do not buy this game if you want to do anything other than play this game nonstop for months on end.
This game, though satisfying and rewarding at first, is an endless climb up a beyond-vertical cliff, which has no real summit. I have played this game a fair amount (enough to make an honest opinion on this), and I can safely say that unless you have the determination and focus of a pro gamer, then do not push yourself while playing this game, as there is nothing to earn from it. Understand that everyone has their limits, and just because someone on r/deadcells had 5bc and seems as good at the game as you are doesn't mean that you should spend hours of every day just to try to get past 2bc. Sometimes, there is a point where you shouldn't push yourself further than you are already pushing.
Please understand that this is not a de-motivational message, but simply a reminder that this is just a game, and don't beat yourself up about getting to THoTK twice on 3bc only to die and have to do it all over again. This message is not telling you to give up, but more to tell you to know your limits.
Other than that this game is great. 10/10
Posted: December 23, 2022
Dead Cells was one of my first games where I truly exclaimed to myself, 'Damn, I'm having so much FUN!' There was a growing excitement within me as I progressed, encountering new enemies, exploring new biomes, and acquiring new weapons. Every step and jump I took was an absolute blast.
The game offers incredibly smooth and satisfying combat, accompanied by a mind-boggling array of weapons and abilities to choose from. The combinations of these elements frequently complement each other. The variety of enemy types encountered throughout the game is refreshingly diverse as you navigate through each level. The artwork, animations, and soundtracks are all fantastic, amplifying the overall experience a hundredfold. What I enjoy the most in this game are the boss fights. Game have some incredible boss fights and the satisfaction of defeating a boss never gets old.
I highly recommend this game, and I hope you'll enjoy it as much as I do. :)
Posted: November 22, 2021
I hate this game
Posted: February 29
goated game hella hard though
Posted: August 9, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I haven't been very far past the first boss and have played 8 hours. I suck as a gamer, I know., But for me to not get frustrated or upset... it's probably because I feel myself getting better and there is geniune progress you can make with each and every playthrough, even if you only have 20 minutes.
10/10... would have my body descecrated again
Posted: December 29, 2017
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
High Voltage
You've probably played parts of Dead Cells before. Its DNA is familiar, a patchwork assembly of recognizable influences. There are echoes of Symphony of the Night and Super Metroid in the 2D action platformer. It is a fast-paced combat.
It's Alive!
It'd be easy to look at the borrowed bits and reworked ideas mentioned above and write Dead Cells off as a weird Frankenstein's monster title, full of copied mechanics and gameplay systems. On paper, it sure reads like that. But to play Dead Cells and see how its pieces come together; to feel how it adopts elements and twists them together to create something different. It looks great and plays even better. It's an electric mix of polish and challenge that's all the more impressive considering the metroidvania/rogue-lite/whatever we're calling them these days only just released on Early Access.
Beware, I Live.
Most of your time is spent navigating the labyrinthian corridors of underground prisons and destroyed castle ramparts. The protagonist, a green blob who's commandeered a decapitated corpse, cannot die. Every death starts the same cycle over again: fuse with the body, find some weapons, and move through the randomly generated halls of a decaying kingdom. There's not much by way of a story, but that's alright, considering that Dead Cells' actions speak louder than its vague words.
A Sword By Itself Rules Nothing. It Only Comes Alive In Skilled Hands.
Combat, then, becomes and intricate dance. It's fast and fluid, but challenging enough that players will have to watch each enemy's attack pattern. Despite his long-dead body, the Prisoner is a capable fighter in the right hands. Players can double jump, perform aerial attacks, roll past enemies, and switch between their two primary weapons and utility skills to perform powerful combos. If, and when you take damage, landing a few quick strikes earns some of the Prisoner's health back, further adding to the game's core focus on risks and rewards. Dead Cells does an exceptional job of making combat look super flashy, with smooth animations to complement its pixel art, while also making each strike feel as though it has weight behind it.
Real Sharpness Comes Without Effort.
I could go on and on about Dead Cells. Despite the fact that it's not fully released, it's already one of my favorite games of 2017. I'm a sucker for tight platforming and roguelike exploration, both of which Dead Cells delivers. Much like the Prisoner's inability to stay dead for good, I'm sure I'll keep coming back to this game time and time again.
EXCELLENT!
Posted: July 28, 2018
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game is a masterpiece of perfected combat, great boss battles, satisfying progression, and abilities that truly make for a jaw-droping rougevania adventure that will kill you over, and over, and over again.
