Posted: June 22, 2021
I'm a 46 year old dad and I absolutely love playing this with my 13 year old son. Don't get caught up over losing loot to a raider or reaper, it's just part of the game. Let your kid set the quest, or decide to attack a fort, or a tornado and just have fun being pirates for an evening. I take the helm and keep us on course, he works the cannons and is an excellent shot.
An awesome game to bond over, and a great way to talk about how to not be a jerk online, how to deal with disappointment, how to work as a team when you make alliances, and how to be a gracious winner. He loves to help new players, will upend a planned evening to help some newbie finish a tall tale. Great game to play with your kids.
Posted: July 23, 2020
1720s Wages, 2020 Prices.
Posted: March 31, 2022
Product received for free
Very fun with friends but i don't have any
Posted: November 16, 2021
I learned french from people in this game.
They asked for a banana then killed me.
But now i can understand them, and not fall to this bait again.
Posted: May 26, 2022
I'VE GOT A JAR OF DIRT
Posted: June 18, 2021
Don't know what went wrong during development, but this is not a game.
This is a time machine that warps you to 3am.
Posted: March 1, 2021
My crewmate left a banana on the stove and our ship burned down.
Posted: April 17, 2023
My day 1 experience in this game as a brand new solo player:
- Fumble around after spawning, clearly clueless
- Player with a lot of cosmetic items sails up, I panic, I try firing off my cannons to ward him away
- He kills me, repairs my ship for me, and offers to show me the ropes
- He proceeds to spend 3+ hours teaching me everything about the game
- At the end of the 3 hours, right before we sell all the loot we got, he blows up my ship with a keg and teaches me his final lesson: "Trust no one"
Posted: January 29, 2021
Edit 12/2 - It's been a while since I first wrote this, so adding an update section at the bottom.
--Original Review--
Sea of Thieves is the distilled essence of adventure. You start the game up, grab some supplies with your friends, load up your ship, and set sail to see what fate awaits you.
I offer this game an easy recommend under a couple of conditions. The first is that you like the chaos of unknown adventure, and the second is that you don't mind when it all goes pear shaped.
Sea of Thieves has you being a pirate on the ocean with other players, sailing from island to island, fighting skeletons, ghost ships, digging up treasure, solving riddles, delivering cargo, and fighting sea monsters. And you never quite know what's going to happen next on your adventure. There's plenty of things to chase, and you'll never be without a task for long if you care to pick one up from one of the vendors.
One important design choice that you should be aware of before jumping into this game is that every session is a fresh start. You spawn in with your ship and bare bone supplies, there's no progression between sessions aside from cosmetics you unlock. (Which is also the only thing you unlock, more on that below). While this can be a bit of a bummer, it's actually quite freeing. Every time you launch the game you're given a new ship, new supplies, and an ocean full of treasure to explore. Truly, you have nothing to lose. Until you find treasure, that is. Then you have something to lose. The game is simply fantastic at giving you a unique adventure every time you sail, solo or with friends. And it's shockingly easy to play solo if you desire, the smallest ship, the Sloop, is very solo player friendly if you wish to be an asocial pirate.
The only progression in this game is cosmetics. Anything else you get exists solely to get you, you guessed it, more cosmetics. This makes the cash shop a little weird. But hey, the upside is that nobody is going to beat you because they have a better sword, ship, or guns.
The game recently started a battle pass system with season one. The pass for season one is frankly a little underwhelming. I'm willing to give it a pass since the game is quite enjoyable without, but you're not missing out on anything exciting by not getting the pass.
--Update--
Since it's been a fair while and four full seasons since I first wrote this review, I felt it was time for an update. Overall, I still stand by the original review, with the same disclaimer that you have to be able to accept the wins and losses both in this game. It certainly can be frustrating at times but much like the ship, you have to let it roll off you like water. If you let the bad moments cling to you like barnacles, then you'll be just as scuttled as your ships.
Season Five just launched, and after a middling Season 2, Content Packed Seasons 3 and 4, Season 5 could be called the quality of life season. There's a decent chunk of new content (though nothing like the previous seasons, which is a reasonably high bar; 5 story missions in season 3, and roughly 8 or so new explorable lootable areas for season 4?)
The biggest quality of life change in S5 is being able to quickly and easily transfer resources from barrels and storage crates without having to open the interface. This along probably would have given me another 100 hours in the game, but they also decided to add a buried treasure system! Indeed, you can bury your treasure to create a treasure map. Then, you can put that map up on the quest board at any outpost! Other pirates can take this, and if they successfully sell your treasue...boom! You get rewarded too. How fantastic is that?
It's even better than that though. You can take up to five treasure pers per in game day from the board (this amount is pretty reasonable I feel, the days go quickly in the sea of thieves), and these other player maps will contain buried treasure of their own. Of course. Quality of treasure may vary, as it could be anything. Though there are commendations to encourage big, fruitful treasure maps. Really, it's a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get.
The best part of the whole treasure map system though? They're saved on your quests table as an item called a Map Bundle. What's that mean? It means if you sink, you lose your maps and need to recover the bundle. Or that other people could steal your maps. Or you could steal their maps, I guess, if you're a jerk. While the idea that you can lose your treasure maps may feel a bit unfortunate, it's lovely design because it means they're transferable, you could gift the map bundle, or simply leave it at an outpost when you're done for someone else to find. It adds excitement in that the treasure you buried could be yoinked by a boarder and carried away. Or that you could recover your stolen bundle to regain your rightful treasure. It adds another layer of things for pirates to bicker and barter over, and it means that should things go bad for all involves, the treasue may be lost to all.
The game has been at it's best when it balances the thrill of gain with the risk of lose (even though the sting of loss can be quite painful, it's something we must learn to accept). Remember, the whole ocean is open to you, so long as you go in with the attitude that what happens, happens.
Posted: August 28, 2020
Well after reaching Pirate Legend and Athena's fortune Champion titles,
I'm finally able to make a review of this game, I hope it will help you decide if this game is worth it! I'll probably update this review the further I play. For now I'll be talkin about the Adventure mode :)
Pros :
-Cool graphics and simulation of a pirate life.
-It's a game where you either get addicted or hate it in the first hours.
-Funnier with friends or randoms, but you'll learn so much faster in solo trust me.
-Satisfying sensation when you sink ennemies boats and grab their loot.
-Good game if you want to chill and kill time (but sometimes it can be stressful especially if you have a lot of loots and you're getting focused by a reaper or red flag emissaries).
-Active developer team (monthly updates, quick reactivity on problems in-game through their tweeter, so I would recommend to follow them there to not miss a thing and to always be aware of what's happening).
-A lot to experience, Stories, PVP, Fishing, Treasure Hunting, defeating Skeletons, world events, Seasonal events, Shipfight, collecting all achievements, and laugh with strangers :D
Cons:
-Intensive grind.
-Boring after a while.
-Lack of content eventhough it was way worse back when it came out in 2018.
-FPS optimization is a joke on islands (At full ultra I go from 120fps to 55 fps on big islands).
-PVP mechanic is old and boring (idk maybe they need to add some new guns or mechanics).
-Bugs after new updates are not even a surprise anymore.
-Servers issues is normal and the community is used to it (so an advice would be to never do an event the day it comes out because you probably won't receive your loot's coins, XP and achievements).
-Some events are only visible on their website and not in-game so sometimes you can miss them (Just stop it, we are lazy and hate to go through google to see our ♥♥♥ in-game event progression, just put it in game already ffs it's 2020).
Overall the game has a lot of problems but I still love the concept it does represent otherwise I wouldn't have reach one of the highest titles you can earn and I hope this game will continue to get the support it deserves. I haven't played such a great game in a while, so if you like intensive farming, bugs, coop and pvp but also the big map you're in the right place. We'll be waiting for you on the ocean :)
PS: If you're a veteran please help new players and don't bully them, that's what I do and I would have loved to be helped too when I started, so please do so they will always remember you, thanks fellow Legends.
Edit 1:
So after 3 months, the game is still awesome, probably one of the best open world in multiplayer that I've played in a while. Nothing better but to fish with friends during late nights.
Edit 2:
They finally added an Even tab in-game! Anyway I've been playing Arena, joined a competitive team and reached Legendary Sea Dog. So the Arena mode is way different from the actual game (adventure). It also have its pros and cons so here we go :
For the positive aspects :
- Helps you improve cannon shots
- Helps you improve your weapon accuracy
- TDM (Team deathmatch) is a lot of fun! It's like the endgame community event in the Arena
- You can make friends in this mode
- Since the last Arena patch, there's only one chest now and it's way better than before
Some negative aspects :
- Hitregs (When you hit players usually with weapons and you have the hitmarker but the server didn't register the damage, so sometimes you'll need to hit 3-4 time the player before he dies, and sometimes you may think they're cheater)
- Lobby waiting time : because the Arena mode is not the main mode, the playerbase is not that big here, so you might wait 10-30min in the worst case...
- Server region merge : Yeah well sometimes there's no server in EU (in my exemple) at certain hours and I usually get matched with NA players and I have an average of 200-250ms
- FPS optimization (Even on High-End PC you'll probably struggle to maintain a stable 144fps
Edit 3:
They removed their own game mode called Arena. I don't know if it would now be an interesting game for pirate that love to pvp...
Quite a sad day for Sea of Thieves...
Edit 4:
They added an alternative to the Arena inside of the Adventure mode!
Which means that you can now activate a totem on your boat which will transport you against another equivalent ship. Basically a great thing for the pvp community! Not tom mention you can customize your own ship, name it how you want, and even create or joind a Guild!
At the current state, I would seriously recommend this game to every gamers wanting to experience some adventure in the pirate world. In 2023 there is a lot of things to do, explore, farm, fight, collect and stories to experiences which are really amazing.
Thanks for all the support I received for this review, I wish you all a good day :)
Posted: August 28, 2021
This game taught me two very valuable lessons in life: Don't trust anyone and have a plan to kill everything that moves.
Posted: November 3, 2020
i stole someones banana and got shot to death
Posted: June 9, 2020
Holy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is nice.
I was skeptical at first.
I bought the game.
I joined, did the tutorial, found all the secrets from tutorial (there are plenty!!!).
First outpost I spawn, I take quests, search for loot, my boat gets raided, even if its empty.
I stay at the outpost for 30-40 minutes, My boat gets raided 3-4 times in the process.
After 40 minutes, I go to the boat, and inside, there are chests, treasures, and some random dude talking.
Apparently somebody saw I was getting owned and decided to "protect" me for my first gameplay. They gave me treasures, helped me do quests and all for the price of an Uber (get them to a location). They were AWESOME, FUNNY and HELPFUL as hell. Best pirate experience with them.
After I dropped them off there, I did several quests, I ran from other players as they were chasing me, I managed to DEFEAT another ship in a 1v2 situation, stole their loot, ran away, sold it, it was epic.
All this in 4 freaking hours!
Even if the quests are some kind of repetitive, the PvP element is awesome!.
I don't regret any money spent on it, too bad I don't have any friends playing this masterpiece.
Positive review, as I haven't had bugs or unpleasant gameplay.
PS: Great optimization also, 2080S + 4790K, 1440p, Mythical graphics (max), 100 fps. Amazing!
Part 2 (10 hr gameplay):
So I played again, 2nd gameplay, I finished first 3 Tales and it was a "good" gameplay.
This time I haven't seen a single friendly person. I've been attacked and raided about 6-7 times, sometimes by solo, sometimes by gang of 3-4. But I adapted quickly.
At first I went to cash in my voyages and treasures ( i had 3 chests with 9 skulls, 3 chests with 9 gold items, a crying chest and 2 regular treasure chests, all from farming/voyage). I went to an outpost, I did a 360 to make sure there's nobody there, then docked the sloop. When I went with the first chest of 3 skulls, there was a dude hiding in a bush next to the Bones tent, he jumped out, gave me a heart attack, then took a shot at me. He missed the shot, I dropped the chest and I went full ape on him, killing him. Then I ran to drop all my treasures, cause since he didn't have a boat, meant his team mates are circling around. On that run I felt like mom's spaghetti, palms were much sweatyyy...
Amazingly, I managed to cash in ALL my treasures, and THEN, the bad guys were aready at my ship. I saw them trying to ram it in the rocks. I throw 2-3 blast bombs and they drop in water, then I shoot them down with the pistol. Managed to get back in my ship, repair it , and went full speed into their big ship, while they were respawning. I didn't stay to repair mine, I just shot their ship down, then ran away.
Then I got killed and ship sank about 4 times, twice from crew of 4 , once from a duo on a sloop, they put a barrel on my ship and sank it down, while I was doing a quest ... and once from the freaking kraken, right AFTER I FINISHED A TALE... Lost a lot of treasures including the Tale treasure, but....
While trying not to ragequit, I saw a crew of 4 again, probably same guys, they were fighting a skeleton ship. I got close and managed to spot 2 of the 4 guys, confirming it was the crew that gangbanged me (i think ^_^ ) . I went to them, flanked them and placed them between me and the skull ship. Shot them 3-4 times, then with a singing/dancing cannonball and a fire cannonball, and their ship started to sink and burn. I saw them jumping in the water. I went there to see if they "need" help and just finished the job, shooting them in the water. Then I took ALL their treasures, which compensated a lot over my loss, and went to a safe outpost.
That feeling was the best. Yes, I lost some battles, but also won a few. First gameplay, 4 hours, 2nd gameplay, 10 hours straight. The PVP element is priceless in this game, otherwise it would've become boring.
And I just found out about sunken ships, mermaids skeleton lords and kraken :))
New challenges ahead !!!
Edit 3: 18-June-2020
I think I had enough of this game. While there are 3-4 random people/ships that are friendly, most of the players I've encountered in the last days are simply apes.
I see medium ship with 3 people, I run fast at outpost and manage to sell every treasure, sail away, they chase me for 10 minutes, until I stopped to see what they want. They simply killed me on sight.
I see sloop with 2 people chasing me, my ship is empty, I tell them ship is empty, and that I'm going on a Tale, they simply sank my ship.
Finally, I have +10 skulls, 9 gems, 10 treasure chests. I see galeon with 4 people, I avoid it, I run to outpost and manage to sell everything.
Then I go on a tale, they simply start chasing me. I tell them I am solo, ship is empty, they start firing at me. I do a handbrake 180'Turn, run against the wind, somehow they catch me sideways (AGAINST THE WIND, they say sloop is fastest against wind). They hit me with hook, take me away from my ship, in the middle of the ocean. I respawn, they are in my ship, burning it down.
All 4 of them were like "SORRY MAN, WE THOUGHT YOU HAD LOOT, SORRY WE SANK YOUR SHIP, SORRY WE KILLED YOU 3 TIMES".
4v1, 2 of them were LEGENDS, I am a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bamby learning the game, two of them have +500 hours in game.
This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pathetic. Instead of going to fight the 3-crew ship, they chose to chase a 1-crew Sloop with no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ loot.
In the last 2 days I haven't seen a single friendly dude. Everybody tried to shoot/sink my ship.
At some point, I get to think this game is filled with low ego real life underachievers... for ganging up a ♥♥♥♥♥ solo.
I tend to Change my review to No, since there's no fun in getting chased every 5 minutes by crew of 3-4 people that have nothing better to do than bullying a solo player with empty ship.
PS: Even with apes chasing me on the sea, in solo mode, I managed to make almost 80K Gold in one gameplay and only lost 1 treasure chest to apes.
Edit 4: I've played a bit before my holiday and for some reason, it was surprisingly amazing. I joined as usual, as a solo Scoop, but I forgot to set it to Private. After about 5 minutes, I get a random crew member who scared the living thing out of me... lel... He was a legend, he was very funny and helpful. For some reason, he didn't mind playing with me and helping me do tales and treasure hunting. I believe I wanted to play for half an hour, and ended up playing a 8-hour session with him, talking about the game and telling jokes and chilling at some "grog".
We've had also some fair PvP, 2v2 and 2v3, which sometimes went good ,sometimes went to ♥♥♥♥ when we fell of the ship and they stole our ship and sank it into a cliff.
I haven't tried the new update yet, but I can surely say, you cannot play "just a half hour session"... 4 sessions ... 30 hours... that says it all.
Posted: May 20, 2022
124 hours of gameplay and still confused on what do we do with the drunken sailor?
Posted: May 11, 2022
took me 3 hours to get lots of loot with my mate and then it got taken by a kraken and a skeleton ship
. would recommend
Posted: March 18, 2021
Sea of thieves is fun for all ages. I'm 36 years old, my parents are in their 50s and my children are 10 and 12; we all play Sea of thieves. The graphics are gorgeous and the environment immerses you in to the pirate life. The game has story line aspects with its "Tall Tales" or you can get voyages to kill off Captain skeletons, battle skeleton and ghost ships, find lost merchandise in sunken ships or good old fashion treasure hunting. There are "world events" that rotate throughout the day this includes skeleton fleets, skeleton forts, fire tornadoes that spawn in "boss" enemies and the infamous "Flameheart" and his ghost fleet.
I find the game has a good balance of PvE and PvP, so you are able to attack player ships and vice versa. Plus, during your voyages surprise attacks from megladons, krakens and even a skeleton ship can attack. This game keeps you on your toes and wanting more. I highly recommend it!

Posted: November 26, 2020
By the time I write this review I have 740 hours in this game. I've done pretty much everything you can do around here and max level'd all the companies.
-Graphics are stunning for the most part, especially the sea. Characters do look goofy but thats not a bad thing.
-Pve is fun at first 100-200 hours or so but gets repetitive after a while.
-Gold system is just stupid. I've bought everything in the game and still have millions of gold and thousands of dubloons just sitting there with nothing to spend them on. They need to balance it more. either add more stuff to buy, make it more expensive or decrease the loot you gain.
-To basically summarize the pve, there are 7 emmissary companies in this game. They will give you quests and bonuses on the items you sell if you're sailing with their emmisary flag.
EMMISARIES
Gold Hoarders.
They give you treasure hunt quests where you gotta dig up stuff from random islands. That's all they used to do until they introduced the vaults in a recent update. Vaults are a lot more fun. You gotta put together the map for a key then go to a specific island where the key will unlock a cave. You will see a lot of gold and chests laying around in there but those are just a distraction. Your main goal will be to get the Chest of Tributes by collecting madallions and entering the correct sequence to open sesame as it were.
They only give you bonus for treasure chests and small collectibles like chalices and ornate cups and whatnot.
Merchants.
Most boring emmisary of all. Just delivering cargos from one place to another. They give you bonus for selling cargo items like sugar, tea etc.
Order of Souls.
Basically a skeleton killing faction. They give you bounties to kill some skeleton captains and they will give you a bonus for selling them their skull. There's also ghost fleets which are much more fun and giving bigger rewards.
They only give you bonus for selling skulls.
Reapers.
The ''pvp'' faction of adventure mode. I just call them garbage collectors of this game because they will give you bonus for literally everything. Anything you got you thought was worthless, they will buy it. They buy everything. They dont give you any quests. There are a couple items that you can only sell to them. Reapers Chest and Reapers Bounty but beware these chests are cursed and their positions are revealed on the map. So other players may see you. If you're flying reaper emissary flag they will see you. BUT, if you reach level 5 emmisary you will be able to see other emmisaries on the map to hunt them down. You get really good money for selling broken emmisary flags of those people you sank.
The reason I said ''pvp'' faction is because a lot of reaper players are known to just run soon as they see you. Yes. It's supposed mean ''hey guys, you can see us on the map, we're up for some pvp, come get us'' but they raise it to get more money from the items they sell and just keep doing pve.
Don't raise reaper if you're gonna run from the first ship you see. If you get sunk, they will be toxic to you naturally and you will deserve it because you made them waste an hour chasing you down.
Hunters.
Fishermen. You can fish in this game and sell your fish to these guys at any seapost. Best way to level up on hunters is to save your gems to sell it to them only(you can sell gems to everyone pretty much). It's a lot more xp and gold than fishin.
Athena.
The emmisary you unlock by reaching pirate legend. Pretty boring voyages and overrated rewards. I was disappointed. It was supposed to be some big endgame company where it'd be fun stuff but its meh.
Sea dogs.
Arena company. Arena is a seperate gamemode than adventure where its ONLY pvp. Just constant action for 15 minutes straight. Huge fun. I love their cosmetics too. Really the coolest and most posh stuff ever lol
WORLD EVENTS
These are where you enjoy some of the best of pve this game can offer. Rewards are pretty huge compared to regular emmisary voyages.
Flameheart
Giant Bearded Face in the sky screaming at you all the time. Everyone hates him. You fight his ghost fleet. Reward is plenty and you also get a lot of supplies.
Ashen Winds.
Boss on an island. Decent rewards, you also get a unique cool flamethrower skull that you can sell for 10k. Not bad.
Skeleton Fleet.
Probably the most challanging pve i'd say. Especially if you're in a small ship. But the loot haul is pretty big. Fastest way to level up your emmisary flag because of the high quantity of items you'll get.
Active Forts.
Skeleton waves and then a boss. You get decent loot.
Fort of the Damned.
Biggest loot haul you can get from this game. But beware, people will try to steal it from you. This is the number 1 event every server hopper can dream of. It's the main attraction for pvp. Really the most fun thing to do/steal in adventure mode.
-------------------------
PVP.
Now for the best part of this game, PVP. It gives you a pleasure that other pvp games can't. It's just a really unique experience battling it out as pirates. I don't even do any pve anymore it's all about pvp.
I'll see if I can summarize the key parts of it, but oh boy it's beautifully complicated.
-There's the naval part where you have to out-manuever your enemy. You have to stay out of their broadside while try to get them in your broadside while they're doing the same thing. It's not just a spinning battle where both ships constantly fire at eachother like in the Caribbean movies. There's unique moves you can pull off with harpoon turning, anchor turning, adjusting sails to surprise your enemy. Having a good captain will make all the difference between winning or losing a battle.
-Cannons. Different types of cannonballs for different purposes, regular cannons to put some holes in, cursed balls with million different (and very useful) purposes, firebombs to put their ship ablaze, blunderbombs to damage players knock them back from repairing. and in my opinion the best type is the chainshots to knock their mast down. Because soon as you're unable to move, you're done. You will just be sitting ducks for the volley of cannonfire soon to follow. Having a good gunner who hits their shots in good sequence will make all the difference between winning and losing the battle.
-Repairing. Every crew needs a good bilge rat who makes sure that the ship is in top shape. You can't just ignore the holes in your ship to do anything else like boarding or shooting. Not sinking yourself is the priority. Worry about sinking your enemy later. A good bilge rat in your crew will make all the difference between winning and losing the battle.
-Boarding. Without a doubt the most fun thing to do in this game. Boarding other people and killing them. 1 boarder who can put the enemy's anchor down and keep them busy just for a little while is usually good enough to win a battle. You dont even have to really kill them usually. Because as they are busy with the boarder, the other crew member will continue putting the pressure with cannonfire and putting more holes. They won't be able to really focus on repair while they have an active boarder.
On the othere hand, as fun as it is, too much boarding can be the downfall of a bad crew. Disorganized, if you send too many boarders and they either miss the target or die without doing significant damage, you will be severely undermanned in your own ship to survive the enemy's cannonfire or boarders. I've seen people just all abandoning their ship with holes in it to board ours, we just kill them and theres nobody left to repair them. Come on people. Take care of your ship. Your ship must come first.
TL:DR
There's so much more to it than I can fit in this review. Really a rich game with a vast world. It's well worth buying at full price. A must buy if you're really into pirate's life. One thing I must say though, you gotta play it with friends. x10 more fun. Solo sailing can be painful and usually gets boring really fast.
Posted: January 15, 2023
First hours of playing Sea of Thieves I had a nice conversation with a random ship with a nice unusual skin. I told em that I'm friendly, this is my first SoT experience. And you know even though they didn't respond they looked friendly to me, we sailed together in the same direction. Then my friend came and asked me: "Why are you talking to skeleton ship?"
Still asking myself why skeletons didn't attack me. Maybe they laughed to death?
Posted: July 27, 2022
Don't know what went wrong during development, but this is not a game.
This is a time machine that warps you to 3am...
Posted: February 7, 2023
Got in with 3 mates, sailed out, got treasure, ship got attacked from enemy, destroyed enemy, took their loot, sold their loot, got drunk, started a pirate band and then burned down our ship. Then we all went home to play sea of thieves.
10/10
Posted: June 11, 2020
I asked a enemy ship for a banana and they gave me one.
Posted: February 14, 2021
helps me forget about her
Posted: September 2, 2021
When I hit 10 hours of gameplay, I said I would write a review. Then it was 100 hours. 250. 500. Finally, I told myself if I could play 1,000 hours of Sea of Thieves by my anniversary in the game (Nov 25th, 2020), I would write the review. Here I am delivering that promise early. So, do I recommend Sea of Thieves? Yes. 100%. Absolutely. Sea of Thieves is not only my favorite game that I am playing now but has quickly become my favorite game I have ever played. Amongst my crew, there has been a joke that Sea of Thieves is not a game, but more a lifestyle. If you fall in love with this game like me, you will fully understand what this means. But is Sea of Thieves right for you?
I. What is Sea of Thieves?
Sea of Thieves is an adventure sandbox game where you craft your own adventure -- where no two play sessions are ever the same. One day you could be running Gold Hoarders, doing X marks the spot maps, hopping island to island in search of glittering gold. Suddenly while sailing to Crooks Hollow, the water turns black. The Kraken. The next day you could be running Reaper chasing another Reaper into the Shores of Gold for an hour and a half for what turns out to be a f*****g ancient goblet. The adventure and story to be told is yours and always unexpected.
The nature of Sea of Thieves is PvPvE. This means that you will have emergent threats like Skeleton Ships, Megalodons, or the fearsome Kraken. There are world events like forts where you fight through waves of skeletons to claim a vault of treasure, Ashen Winds where you fight a fiery boss, and skeleton fleets that have you putting your naval skills to the test; however, there is always looming the possibility that other player pirates might have their eyes on that same treasure. It cannot be avoided, you will run into other players in Sea of Thieves. (PvE servers will never happen.)
Player interactions can be the most amazing moments, or events that cause you to break your keyboard. I have met great friends, amazing communities, and some of the most salty, homophobic, and racist individuals to walk the planet. I don’t want this to scare anyone though because the number of good encounters far outweighs the bad ones. If you do have a really toxic encounter, I highly encourage clipping the events and sending a player report into Rare (their support system is one of a kind).
II. Is Sea of Thieves Right for You?
Do you want to be a pirate? Do you love adventure? Do you have friends to play with? Then this game is absolutely for you. While it is not required to have other players to play the game, it is much more enjoyable with company. My crews and I have had such incredible and epic adventures that we will reminisce on them months after they have happened. With friends, you will write your stories of gold and glory. On the other side, I am also a player that enjoys the solitude of the seas and will solo sloop. This play style hardens you to the game and will make you a much better pirate. Beware though, you will sink. A lot.
“Sink or be Sunk”. Remember these words when playing this game. You will sink other ships, but you will also sink. No one is immune. Sea of Thieves can be a rough game, but if you get good at the game, it is one of the most satisfying feelings possible. Everyone starts somewhere, and you as a new player will probably end up sunk a lot while you learn to ‘get good’. Do not lose faith you sweat lord in training you.
If you are the type of player that enjoys griefing and/or using hate speech, then please move on. As mentioned before, Rare does not mess around with player reports. I have had two really horrendous encounters and on both occasions the crews were suspended fast (the last one taking all of 3 hours from submit of report to email saying they were suspended). I will find you, and clip you, and report you, and then hunt you down until you leave the server. That is a promise.
III. What Does Sea of Thieves Do Well?
Graphics:
The graphics in Sea of Thieves are just stunning. It is the most beautiful game, nay art, I have ever seen. I dare say the in game water looks more beautiful than real water. There are times that my crew is slightly intoxicated and just staring into the sea as the sun sets below the horizon. I have never taken so many screenshots and clips than I have in Sea of Thieves. Your pirate might look a little weird, but you will grow such an attachment to your pirate that it becomes a bond. I love my strangely long torsoed old man pirate very much.
The World:
In the game you will visit different regions of the Sea of Thieves that all have their own look and personality. You may go to The Wilds which looks gloomy and eerie with the worst storms in the game, or the Devil’s Roar with its active volcanoes that rain ash and molten stone onto unlucky ships. You may also go and take a break in the tropical paradise of The Shores of Plenty. Alongside the main map are areas you can only get to by doing the “story mode” Tall Tales. The world of Sea of Thieves is rich and alive, with water that thrashes your ship around and shifting winds that require you to maintain your mast position to travel faster.
IV. What Does Sea of Thieves Do Wrong?
Hit reg:
"In areas of intense action, players may find themselves firing shots or landing strikes that do not cause damage to their targets. While small improvements continue to be delivered during our regular updates, we are continuing to investigate and identify further improvements to improve the player combat experience.” Expect to see this forever.
Bugs/Glitches:
With any game there are things that need to be ironed out, and Sea of Thieves is not spared from that. I have been rocket launched off a capstan, had a meg flip my ship six tiles North on death, been stuck in emotes to crewmates (this one is actually really amazing). You will rage and cry with laughter at some of the bugs in this game. Beware to Steam players though, every other update seems to cause a tab out delay bug where if you tab out/in, there is a 3 second delay each way.
V. Conclusion/ TLDR
Sea of Thieves is the adventure that you make of it. You will sink, and you will learn from the times you get sunk. Never give up, because there is no other game like Sea of Thieves. It truly is the best game ever made. As the Great Pirate Lord Ramsey says, “It’s not about the Gold. It’s about the Glory.” May the wind be in all your sails.
10/10 Must Buy.
– DaFoool
What was Hour 1,000 Day like?
I thought it important to describe what Hour 1,000 Day on the Sea of Thieves brought me. My crew mate and I sank, and got sunk. We encountered toxic players, and angels. We tried to lure out some spice by doing a Fort of Fortune. Upon finding a tucker in a barrel on top of a water tower, we performed an incredible kill by feigning ignorance while “searching” the tower as my partner got a sniper shot ready for the blunder bomb that I delivered after (he was a great sport about it all.) He came back once and after a great fight, we sank him. At the end of the night, after depositing our karma crates on the pier of Golden Sands, we noticed a brig coming to sell from an Ashen Winds event. We scuttled our ship and hid. They turned out to be the most incredible kids who loved the game (one of their “big bwudas” introduced him. Awe!) We emoted, the kid gave an amazing toast in the tavern, and we let them shoot us out of the cannons while we logged midair. I can’t express how amazing and truly wonderful this game really is. Be a good person, treat others with kindness, and remember, on the other side of the pirate is a person. Cheers!

Posted: December 15, 2022
lost four hours of loot to one gunpowder barrel
10/10
Posted: June 16, 2020
Sunset sailing while playing Bosun Bill with all 4 instruments is on another level man, I'm telling you
Posted: October 28, 2021
Didn't understand the point of this game when I first started. Now I am nearly 100 hours in, I still don't understand the main objective of this game but you get to sail a ship and fire cannons at other people.
Posted: July 2, 2020
To quote a friend:
"This game is only as fun as the people you play with."
Posted: June 2, 2022
Greay fun. I really recommend this game. I will say this thogh; u need to get used to work for loot and then not be able to get it sold. You will get sunk, you will be overwhelmed. It will suck. But the point is that you will have fun doing all the pirate stuff. The moment you realize the only thing you can do with gold is buy skins anyway, you will discover the real fun. Its about the adventure and the fun times, not always the booty.
So poor yourserlf a MEGAPINT and become the worst pirate i've every heard of. :D
Really thogh, it's great fun.
Posted: September 12, 2021
SYNOPSIS
Sea of Thieves is unquestionably awe-inspiring, artistically beautiful, superbly unique, and delivers (what can be) an unbelievably immersive and memorable experience if you’re willing to build a deep understanding of its mechanics...
HOWEVER, you MUST keep this key point in mind if you’re considering playing this game:
THIS IS A PVP GAME. Your enjoyment is based *entirely* on whether your style of play harmonizes with the other players who share the sea.
That in this mind, here’s my summary for each audience:
IF YOU DON’T HAVE FRIENDS WILLING TO LEARN, SUFFER, OR GUIDE YOU THROUGH THE SEA OF THIEVES GAUNTLET, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. You’ll have to endure A LOT of trivialized efforts, crushed dreams, verbal abuse, and game mechanics that are wholly unsympathetic of your time to reach the enjoyable parts of the experience.
IF YOU’RE LOOKING FOR A GOOD, STORY-BASED EXPLORATION GAME FOR YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS, THEN PLAY AT YOUR OWN RISK. That good, story-based exploration game is *definitely* in there, but can get lost in the salt.
IF YOU’RE LOOKING FOR A COMPETITIVE ONLINE FIRST-PERSON PIRACY GAME WITH BRILLIANT NAVAL COMBAT AND COSMETIC-BASED PROGRESSION, *ABSOLUTELY* PLAY THIS GAME! It will be worth your time to learn, master, and conquer the high seas!
Okay; onward to the in-depth review points!
🟢 THE POSITIVES
➕ SAILING MECHANICS. The cornerstone of any sailing game should be the boat mechanics, and Sea of Thieves delivers. It does a masterful job of blending the complexity of sail and wind management, ship-to-ship cannon-play, and a variety of sailing mechanics to create a brilliant seafaring experience!
➕ THE WATER. THE WAVES AND WATER IN THIS GAME: U.N.B.E.L.I.E.V.A.B.L.E! 🌊🌊🌊
➕ The ART. In fact, the *ENTIRE* art style of the game is undisputedly STUNNING! From the golden shores to the volcanic frontiers, the game is built on National Geographic-quality landscapes!
➕ BETTER WITH FRIENDS. This can’t be understated enough: the seas can be a ROUGH place—both when it comes to gameplay AND the people you meet along the way. Bring a crew so you don’t have to face it alone! 💯
➕ HORIZONTAL PROGRESSION. The game has no vertical progression; there’s no “leveling up” to become a better pirate with better equipment or gain any mechanical advantage over your opponents. The playing field is level every time you roll a new ship—apart from your personal knowledge and mastery of the game mechanics!
➕ The OPEN WORLD and the “INFINITE QUEST LOOP.” While the world is your oyster to explore the moment you leave the dock, there’s also an incredibly brilliant “quest loop” that emerges as you discover expeditions and unlock special emissary quests as you gain their favor. The game rewards you with better and quicker rewards the longer you play—making it incredibly easy to lose yourself for HOURS on end!
➕ The STORY VOYAGES (aka “TALL TALES”). Much of the game’s lore is presented in story voyages known as Tall Tales. These concise, open world stories are a *fantastic* way to explore the world and learn about the magic that drives the Sea of Thieves. (There’s even checkpoints to save your progress in case you’re ganked by some salty pirate!)
➕ HUMOR! As is typical in most Rare games, there’s a glorious, tongue-in-cheek humor woven throughout the gameplay and narrative experience. The world doesn’t take itself too seriously, which helps you get lost in the joy of the game!
➕ The LIVESTREAM COMMUNITY. Where the game falls short of teaching the game and community norms, the streaming community is a BRILLIANT resource to fill in those gaps. Take the time to tune in and find a few favorite streamers:
Sea of Thieves on Twitch[www.twitch.tv]
🟡 THE..."TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT"
〰️ QUESTS (aka “VOYAGES”). Voyages are quests offered by the trading companies that help you grow your wealth. Each company only offers two or three *unique* voyages, and while there is some randomness inherent to each voyage, they will begin to feel repetitive after (admittedly) several hundred hours of adventuring.
〰️ HAND-TO-HAND COMBAT. On one hand: the mechanics are relatively straightforward, simple to pick up, and offer room to master a multitude of tricks that’ll give you the upper-hand in a fight.
On the other: long animations, hit-reg issues, and a lack of “weight” to your hits can make it feel like you’re dueling with wet pool noodles.
〰️ ⚠ SAFETY PROTOCOLS: DISENGAGED ⚠ The moment you set sail, you’ll be with the greenest of green sailors and the hardest, saltiest, most cutthroat pirates on the waves. Though skeleton ships will help you practice and prepare for the PvP encounters you’ll inevitably face, there’s no real, “safe” space to hone your skills as you play—a daunting hurdle to overcome early in the game experience.
〰️ The PLAYERS …are truly a mixed bag. Some days you’ll make meaningful connections with pirates who are humble in victory, merciful through teaching, or powerful allies on the seas. Other days, you’ll encounter the most toxic, unfeeling players whose singular goal is to break your spirit. All you can do is be prepared for both…
〰️ FISHING. While fish are both a source of nourishment and highly-desired by the fishing guild, the fishing mechanics themselves aren’t that interesting, and sadly feel like more of a time sync than an enjoyable minigame with meaningful rewards.
〰️ The LACK OF SEA LIFE. While not game-breaking in any way, the variety of ocean life is sadly lacking in an otherwise STUNNING game... 😞
💢 THE NOT-SO-GREAT
➖ The game only *KIND OF* CARES ABOUT YOUR TIME. My biggest complaint with Sea of Thieves is the fact that many mechanics are designed to waste your time. Whether seeking out tiny dig spots on massive islands, fighting waves of skeletons for hours, or fighting a hooked fish for several minutes, the game is NOT friendly if you’re looking to jump in for any less than two hours at a time.
➖ The game does very little TEACHING. While the Maiden Voyage is a good place to learn the basic mechanics of the game, it doesn’t go into great depth and fails to cover several critical mechanics to the experience: including wind angles, bailing and repairing in combat situations, cannon mechanics, etc.
➖ The game relies on XBOX LIVE. While this unifies all of the different platforms under a single account, the XBL service is clunky when it comes to making, inviting, or communicating with friends.
➖ The PIRATE CODE are more what you'd call...“guidelines”...than actual rules. The code is a reminder of what the game proposes in a community and where it consistently falls short of nurturing that environment.
➖ CHARACTER CREATION. While character creation guarantees a…”gruff” selection of pirates, it can be frustratingly limited if you’re particular about the look of your character..
🤔 THE FINAL WORD…
Sea of Thieves is a truly fantastic game held back by its indifference to the player experience and an insufferable community…and while some days will create some of your most memorable experiences in gaming, others will make you regret every hour you’ve invested to get there.
⭐ OVERALL: 8.5/10
Posted: October 19, 2020
Ah man, where to begin!
The art design:
Playful, whimsical, charming. Paired with the fantastic water effects and the day/night cycle, the world feels uplifting from minute 1. You can practically smell the crisp, salty air...
The learning curve:
Reasonable. You can master the basics within the first hour, and then spend the next 100 hours living your best piratey life.
The play style:
Interestingly enough, you don't level up your weapons, skills, or ship's abilities. The changes are purely cosmetic... and I love it. While I've enjoyed games that require you to level up your gear or unlock moves, this style feels much more comfortable. YOU get to decide if you want to invest time in a quest chain that unlocks a new item (a cool ship's livery, a flashy new hat), but you aren't penalized for being a newcomer. Yes, the fancy canons look nice, but they are just as powerful as the default canons.
You build your reputation with different factions (aka Companies), which leads to unlocking better paying gigs (aka Voyages) and cool-looking items. This works to the benefit of everyone in your crew: A sailor who has a higher rank with a specific Company than their crewmates will be able to pick up a better-paying Voyage, and then everyone in their crew can participate. I love this-- if you happen to outrank your friends/crewmates, you can offer to buy that Voyage. Some aspects of play require everyone to be on the same page (ie, Tall Tales), but that's ok. Means you can have a positive experience doing one-off Voyages some times, and other times hunker down and work toward longer gameplay arcs.
My experience so far:
I played the beta, but only recently bought the game. Even though I missed a massive gap of updates, I don't feel left behind. I love going on adventures with my friends, or winding down the evening with some solo-slooping. I live in a different timezone than my crew, which has meant I have time earlier in my evenings to invest in the pre-adventure prepwork (gathering supplies for the ship, fishing and cooking said fish so we'll have extra stamina). It's fun, and is surprisingly soothing.
PVP has been interesting. When I solo, I try to avoid conflict. When I'm with my crew, we meet it head-on! Both dynamics are enjoyable: Being stealthy, hiding behind mountains, darting around the map, versus gearing up and letting the cannons fly...! So good.
Why I especially like this game (and why you might like it too):
I'm a fan of all things nautical, and I come from a WoW background. For me, this feels like the best parts of WoW: You can tackle massive monsters with your friends, you can choose to grind for random achievements, and you can spend as much time as you want getting sidetracked by treasure and exploration. Plus, the outfits/livery options...! Since the outfits and ship details are purely cosmetic, you can mix and match to your heart's content.
I imagine you would NOT like this game if:
-- You only have 10 minutes of spare time to play games.
-- You hate everything to do with water.
I imagine you would like this game if:
-- You have always wanted to be a pirate.
-- You have at least one person to adventure with some of the time.
-- You like to blow things up.
-- You like to sneak away from danger.
-- When playing other games, you find yourself getting lost and spending hours NOT doing the mission objectives, but have a better time for it.
TL; DR: I highly recommend this game, for the buccaneer in all of us.
Posted: June 5, 2020
Well, I was about to say that this game is totally undeserving the hype and is a bad game, but, it has these "burps of greatness" which changes everything.
Let me explain, it is really atmospheric and open to imagination rather than grind.
First night i was playing SoT, we were four friends and two were actual seamen. It was understandably epic to act like pirate crew while using all the lingo of actual sailors, trying to get into battle. However, it was the second night i played the game which actually hooked me.
Me and two others had this mid-tier ship and i decided that we should be pirate hunters instead of pirates. Since everybody is complaining about PVP in forums and wanting PVE, i thought "hey, i guess we can make friends" and it would be great to experience the other side for a change.
We've traveled around for a while with random quests and found this riddle message in a bottle, eventually leading to this avian themed island with bird like statues. It took us so long to get the riddle right, one of our crew members passed out from drinking in real life, so we put his character in brig (holding cell in our ship). After we solved the riddle as the remaining crew members, we've decided to get the goodies to an island with merchants and on our way we had an encounter which went friendly after announcing ourselves as such. We were now sure that we can sail friendly and only engage if necessary or to hunt more notorious pirates. After all, notorious ones are easier to identify, heavily modified ships are more likely to be owned by experienced players, which in turn more likely to be hostile on spot due to being more confident with the game.
Couple of minutes later we left the port again, we were chasing around another ship to ask whether they saw any pirates (hoping they would say; "Yes, us!" , so we could start a fight and end the night in high note with all the shenanigans) and found one lone ship anchored near a field of debris. Much to our disappointment, this group turned out to be friendly as well and pointed us further north for pirates. We, in disbelief and sure they were lying, sailed north anyways to maintain character but also keeping an eye out for this one ship on our back. Then suddenly, loud noise of cannonshots! Two ships, one manned by undead came out of nowhere and guns started blazing. The last thing i saw before leaving the ship with a keg of cannon-powder was Kraken's arms raising up. I lit the barrel, threw the keg at this huge tentacle and swam as fast as i can to get away, shouting "help" towards the crew we just had a chat.
My ship went down, but,i survived the ordeal with heavy injuries, yet the undead ship followed me to battle with these guys as well. I immediately jumped to this unknown ship's guns, shouting "friendly! friendly!" and started bombarding while good captain tried to rout away from both ships and a storm. I must add at this point that we were not sharing a common language. Either i landed enough shots on the other ships or captain was good with his trim but we got away. Sound of sea and the wind went back to normal, checking the ship i saw only the captain was alive, the other crew member i don't know what happened.
After a minute of silently emoting respect, I saw something shining on the sea, a bit behind us, closer to the battle zone. You see, i had to check it. Shouting one last farewell, I jumped off the ship, ofcourse i was trusting the friendly mermaids for a ride back home. Among some barrels floating, i found this peculiar blue stone, most likely from another ship sunk by the undead crew or the second ship which attacked us at the start of the fight. I wanted to take the stone back home with me but the damned mermaid refused to take me back with the stone in my hand. So, I decided to make my way to the nearest island, swimming angrily to the stupid mermaids.
Everything was well until i saw a fin on the surface of the water, got attacked by the shark almost immediately after i saw it. Raising my pistol, i spent my last shot on the predator and immediately started slicing it with my new sabre. To my suprise, it didn't take too long for this shark to be mortally wounded and somehow i survived yet again. I made my way to this rock formation which i initially thought was an island and climbed a bit to use my spyglass, there were no sign of life for miles. The damned mermaid below me, i was checking for other ships to get a ride, hopefully not giving up on this blue stone (Sapphire of the Mermaid or something). It was one really long day for Papenbard the Privateer.
That is where i left off, an amazing adventure for me. What is even better, when i get in the game next time, it will start in a tavern with a mysterious stranger commenting something like "Aha, another new face. That was quite the celebration when you arrived... I am not surprised you don't remember it. "
It is atmospheric.
**Edited for typos & clarifications.
Posted: March 11
If you see red water keep going :)
Posted: August 17, 2022
my friend and i harpooned a megalodon and the entire ship flipped. 10/10
Posted: November 28, 2021
Sea of thieves was the game that finally brought old friends back together. For the longest time, I've been playing tons of games solo or random multiplayer without making any real connections with people. Sea of thieves was one of those games that allowed me to reconnect with old friends and form a crew to play this game with. Solo play is still quite fun and suspenseful, but playing with a real consistent crew is a real joy in this game. The art direction and style of the game is top notch, on par with some of the best water physics emulated in any video game in the past or current timeline. Who among us never wanted to be a pirate, sail the 7 seas and dig for a long lost buried treasure? Well, now you can with your friends. 10/10 would play again.
Posted: January 24
i farmed for 4 hours and some screaming pirate stole all of it and called me bad
Posted: December 1, 2022
Product received for free
better than sex, because during sex I get yelled at when i do my pirate voice.
Posted: March 8, 2022
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second live for grinding
---{ Story / Mission }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☑ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☑ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
Posted: May 11, 2021
This game has got some serious salt that comes along with it.
So, my first and only bit of advice is; don't play this game when you're already in a salty mood. You're a pirate, you can see and guess what kind of asshattery people will present you with.
The game graphics wise is beautiful, a lot of people will say the sea mechanics is a part of what makes this game and it does! The hand to hand combat is simple, but very engaging. You'll see what I mean if you get this game. You have a sword and three gun types to choose from.
Combat at sea is fun with a fair few types of cannonballs to be using, your inner pirate will awaken at some point, one day you will say enough is enough with the PvE and losing your loot to PvP'ers, you realise you can't ignore PvP forever. On the one hand, there are pirates out there that live for PvP and others that live for PvE.
PvE and PvP; some servers are more PvP, some servers are more PvE. You gotta scope the server out like reading the room. You can alliance up with another crew, you get half value of what they turn in which boosts profit for everyone. However pirate asshattery is to be expected even in an alliance.
And in what feels like more of a PvE server, you will still get PvP. So always, even if its chill be on your guard.
Thats basically it without going into the game in more detail. I won't go into the content of the game because you have to discover that stuff for yourself. Plenty of questing for treasure to be done thats for sure! And if you're more curious as to whats happening in the world around there is plenty of opportunity to explore and find out.
I will say though if you're a new pirate its best to get on in with randoms if you've no one else to play with, you can have some bad experiences but there are plenty of people out there willing to show you the ropes. Its a case of being on the right boat :)

Posted: June 10, 2021
a pirate called me a homophobic slur and sunk my ship 10/10
Posted: November 6, 2020
Its a great game with a lot of good stuff to do, although I recommend having friends and not playing solo
But this comes with a warning as well. You will have hours of progress taken from you from other people. People will hunt you down and bully you for literally no reason. The community (mostly) isn't toxic, but it is highly encouraged to hunt other people instead of working on your own profit. Even making an alliance is flawed, as you only get half value on things other members sell. Speaking from experience, you simply have to put up with the fact someone can come along and ruin your day at any time. It's quite unfortunate, some of the best parts of this game are with other crews, but you have to treat others with so much caution that fun interactions are few and far between. If these things are a dealbreaker, then I don't even blame you, and I recommend you either find some friends (preferably skilled ones) or avoid solo at all costs.
Also, you can have public ships, but I wouldn't trust those with my life, outside of arena
Edit: because people seem to be misunderstanding, I have no problem with people focusing more on the pvp than the pve, and targeting other players for profit. What I do have a problem with, however, if often people will just outright assault you, even if its clear you don't have any loot on you, and sink everyone they see for the sake of sinking people. it drives new players away, and just makes it even harder to get people to trust you. The fact that I have to warn new players that you can and will get bullied for literally no reason should be enough of a point, but the fact people still use the "Its Sea of Thieves not Sea of Friends" excuse for them not robbing, just murdering for no reason really drives home how some of the playerbase are, and how badly they want to feel in the right for attacking people for no reason. Because they aren't in it for the loot, they're in it to be the worst people they can, and feel in the right, because the game doesn't have any kind of punishment for being a ♥♥♥♥
Posted: November 4, 2022
I roleplay as a Somali pirate, so I never loot any food and always use rowboat to board other ships. The true modern pirate experience.
Posted: February 18, 2022
I think this game has water in it.
Posted: September 13, 2023
1720s Wages, 2024 Prices.
Posted: May 28, 2021
You wake in a tavern, replenish your ship's supplies (food, wood, cannon balls) and customize it's cosmetics.
You talk with an NPC who gives you a quest. You receive a map of an island with red crosses on it.
You go to your ship and search for that island on the world map. You find it, and figure out which way to sail.
You unfurl your sails and turn the helm towards the destination.
A few minutes pass. While you're in the middle of the ocean, trying to navigate around a storm, the water suddenly turns black. Combat music kicks in, as a pair of tentacles emerge from the depths.
A wild Kraken appears, and it thinks that your ship is tasty.
You grab a handful of cannonballs from storage and man the cannons.
With a few well placed shots and a couple shredded tentacles, the Kraken leaves you alone.
You repair the damage to your ship, and jump in the water to pick up the Kraken's meat.
Looking at the map, a short detour towards a trading post is possible.
You place the meat on a skillet to cook, while you turn your ship towards the merchants.
After selling the Kraken meat, you set sail towards your quest.
The rest of the voyage is uneventful, and you reach the island and drop the anchor.
With map in one hand and a shovel in another, you set foot on the tropical island before you.
With no minimap, you need to read the map and orient yourself based on landmarks you see.
Eventually you find one of the places where the treasure should be.
Enthusiastically, you swing your shovel in to the sand and hit wood!
You've found a wooden chest, that is one of the treasures on the island.
However, you also found a pack of animated skeletons who would rather you not take the treasure.
You draw your sword and fight the bones.
You notice a lone skeleton carry a big red barrel of gunpowder toward you. Without skipping a beat, you run a few paces away and draw your pistol.
With a single shot, you hit the barrel which promptly explodes, obliterating the nearby skeletons.
One of which drops a piece of parchment.
On the parchment there is a quest...
Sea of Thieves is a well polished multiplayer-only title about adventure. There's plenty of stuff to do, and the game always finds more activities to offer you.
The only downside is that it requires a crew to be viable in PVP (which can't be turned off), and to be effective the crew needs to communicate well. It can be hard to find such crew, so it's best played with friends you know in advance.
Posted: January 25, 2021
my friends locked me in the brig and sunk the ship so i drowned. I played sea shanties the whole time. 10/10 game will put 100s of hours into it
Posted: September 26, 2021
I buy black clothing. i find someones ship. I sneak on ship. I hide. I wait till other pirates leave. I eat all their food. I hide. I wait till i'm found. I socialize. I die. Repeat.
Posted: April 14, 2022
How to get depression playing Sea Of Thieves.
Step:1 Get the Gold hoarders emissary flag
Step:2 Get the ancient vaults contract and waste 45 minutes looking for the X spot.
Step:3 Get shot and killed after going out of the ancient vaults by a galleon level 5 reaper ship.
Step:4 Uninstall the game.
Posted: June 4, 2020
Sea of Thieves is a game with a long history of ups and downs,
that have shaped what has now become one of my favorite games of all time.
It's hard to pinpoint what exactly went wrong during the 4 years before the closed beta started,
but to say that, what would eventually be released to the public at a full price,
would shape the reputation of the game for years to come is an understatement.
Despite all efforts, Rare has been continually fighting the sour preconceived notion
from consumers that have grown cynical from years of being burned by corporate business
not unlike the initial release of SoT. I'd say that mindset is more than justified.
I believe this game is a massive outlier when it comes to genuine ethical backtracking
in terms of ongoing work retroactively fixing the game.
Over the past 2 years SoT has recieved close to the most free updates and hard labor of love
I've ever seen put into a game that never needed it to bring the money in.
Many would say that sort of description already fits games like No Man's Sky,
but its approach to it and the design decisions are what makes Sea of Thieves stand out.
Unlike NMS, progression in SoT isn't vertical, but horizontal.
Meaning all of its mechanics can be experienced in the first hour of play
and will not differ from someone like me, who has played it for over 1000 hours
on the M$ Store version.
While this means overall incentive is that not unlike your high score in an arcade game,
if you actually view the game as what is essentially an open world,
per session arcade experience, the genius behind this design starts making sense.
Every single update the game has received doesn't suffer from the growing pains of any service game that relies on conventional progression systems.
If Rare decides to add a literal grappling hook mechanic to the game
that lets you hook onto rocks and pull off drift maneuvers,
you will get to experience that mechanic the moment you log in.
This is where that approach really shines.
New mechanics aren't just one and done features, every single one of these now gets to be designed to enrich the gameplay loop itself, meaning the developers have full freedom to find all kinds of secondary and primary uses for just a single mechanic.
For example:
The rowboat was advertised alongside the volcano region in the game,
but it's not just a tool to savely park your ship away from erupting volcanos.
- Rowboats can be used as a stealth item that lets you hide your ship
and silently sneak up to another crew to steal all their belongings.
- If an island holds many treasures, a rowboat is usually the fastest way to gather it all up and bring it back to your ship if you're in a hurry, which you WILL be.
- If your ship sinks, your rowboat remains and you get a second chance to secure your efforts.
- Rowboats also include their own storage space and as of recently are a very reliable source of supplies if you find them on islands. Effectively cutting supply gathering time in half.
This doesn't even touch on how new features retroactively add to previous mechanics as well.
For example, the aforementioned harpoon can be found on certain rowboats as well which,
if you have it docked on your ship, allows for an entirely new grappling angle.
So yes, Sea of Thieves is a service game.
As such it has benefited from new content stacked on top of the already existing structure.
Thankfully that structure is incredibly flat and wide, meaning climbing that structure
to reach said features is non-existent.
This unfortunately means what was already there could hardly be fixed without entirely redesigning the whole structure which has NOT happened. It's still the same game but with most of its holes and gaps being closed up by genuinely great mechanics and content.
Yes, if you played Sea of Thieves on release
and disliked the "go from point A to point B, back to A then repeat" experience,
that has largely been unchanged and the occasional dead air, while now being shorter than ever, will probably still bore you as much as before.
However when that dead air is gone, you will experience many many more interesting and fun
scenarios with an incredible amount of tools and ways in how you deal with those situations.
The point of this review isn't to just list all the positives and negatives,
after all you will find plenty of those already, but to explain why people who have stuck with the game all this time consider the new additions it has received to be much more valuable than they might look to someone who's never played it.
Sea of Thieves has proven to not only be one of the most unique
and fun coop experiences I've ever played, it reminds me of a time
when Rare took a formula, injected as much of their own personality and charm as they could
and also manage to introduce an incredibly polished and innovative title
that stands on its own merit... It just took as long as a Steam release to make that happen.
Posted: December 7, 2021
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{ Audience }---
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☑ You'll need a second live for grinding
---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☑ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
Posted: March 24, 2022
I have a serious love/hate relationship with Sea of Thieves. It is both one of the best games I have ever played and one of the most frustrating games I have ever played, all wrapped into one. The gameplay of Sea of Thieves is INCREDIBLE. The sailing is the best in any game I have ever played. The feeling of exploration and discovery as you blast through treasure hunts and puzzles and mysteries is unlike any feeling you can get from any other game. The cooking mechanic, the healing from food, the not-terrible fishing mechanic... all subsystems that prop up the rest of the gameplay are unique and interesting in their own right. The land-based combat is relatively uninspired, yet still satisfying when part of the greater picture that the game presents. Some of my favorite memories in gaming, full stop, come from completing long nights on the high seas or doing long-form content available in the game. The game is gorgeous, some of the best ocean/water graphics in any game. The rest of the game is equally beautiful while perfectly conveying the environment of the map you are in. I swear to Gaben that I can freaking smell the wet sand or sulfurous lava on some of these islands. The music and sound design are some of the best in the industry. Outright, the game is incredible.
BUT... Sea of Thieves sweaties ruin the game for me. There is absolutely nothing worse than having a night full of fun absolutely destroyed by some player who's enjoyment of the game is derived from eliminating anyone else's fun. I understand that PvP is part of the "pirate life", but it is by far the worst part of the game by far. I would be willing to pay money, hell a freaking monthly subscription, for the opportunity to play SoT as a strictly PvE game with just my friends and the rest of the server populated by bots. I actively avoid playing the game now because of how many of my last play sessions started with me spawning at an outpost and subsequently being sunk less than 15 feet off the dock by some sweaty that hasn't seen sunlight since the Obama administration. I know that this is an incredibly unpopular opinion in the greater SoT-sphere, but part of the enjoyment of games is letting players enjoy them how they wish, and I really freaking wish that I could enjoy the aspects of SoT that are fun to me without being the plaything of those pirates who live only to ruin the fun of others.
Posted: June 25, 2021
This must be the best pirate game i've ever seen.
Posted: June 7, 2020
This nautical nonsense be something you wish
Posted: November 19, 2022
Fun when you play with friends, i have no friends :(
Posted: November 16, 2020
I found a chicken
caged it
named it Cernest
went on a mighty battle in the fire skeleton land with my pals and Cernest
he died in battle
we had a burial
10/10 rip Cernest
Posted: January 13, 2021
Sea of Thieves is one of the most fun games I have played in a long time. Its horizontal progression model completely avoids the pay-to-win pitfalls of other live service/shared world games but rewards players for their activity fairly; and its unique gameplay achieves a remarkable combination between immersive systems-driven simulation, and elegant, simple mechanics which are easy to learn but hard to master.
Sailing has never been so much fun in a video game before, and may never will be again. Must-play!
Posted: August 7, 2020
Edit: People are only reading the first part of this review thinking I'm upset. But clearly I recommended the game, and had an absolute blast. Which they'd know if they bothered to read.
It's a great game, and its really fun, especially if you have friends to play it with, however; the toxicity can be a struggle, but thats just pvp for you. Once I got into the game after the tutorial, it was just me on a little sloop only had 30 minutes at the time, immediately being hunted down by a Brig, and a Galleon. I didn't have treasure, I had just started the game, I didn't know what I was doing, or how to do it. Yet these people chased me across the map, yet I had the wind in my sales, and was faster than them.
Suddenly, the wind changed direction, I had lost the speed, there were ghost ships ahead of me, and I was still being chased; I tried to escape around a large rock, but was cut off by the galleon. They boarded my ship, two started attacking me, while the other two were lighting my ship on fire, and firing the cannons. I had no treasure, and I was alone, I didn't understand why they were after me. Thats when they finally spoke up.
"You're trash at this game, ___!" - "I bet your mom is a ______." - "Killing noobs like you is the best part of this game!" - You get the point.
They were clearly suffering from mental issues, so I didn't use my mic to talk back, I just let myself go down with the ship, as a good captain does. However, I vowed to get my revenge, even if I must do it from the depths of Davy Jones Locker. I respawned with my ship, and immediately got to work, I hunted down loot with a stranger that joined me, and together we made some money. I bought an outfit, because I needed to look the part.
I had seen the same Galleon hunting down one of the new Ashen Winds skeleton lords. Together with my shipmate, we sailed towards them, and found their ship undefended, as they were fighting. We waited for a while, out of sight, our ship hidden behind an outcropping of some rocks. We let the fight go on for a while, before we lit their Galleon on fire, and sunk it to the depths like they had done to me. Once they had all died from the Lord, and respawned wherever their ship was. We went in and finished off the lord, and took all the loot to the furthest outpost we could find on the map, to lower the risk of the Galleon finding us.
We got plenty of good loot, and made lots of money. All in all, for my first 4 hours of pirate adventures, I'd say it was absolutely amazing. You should get this game, and maybe we'll sail the seas together, or I'll sink you to the depths of Davy Jones with my Sloop.
Posted: July 7, 2020
"A group of friends helplessly playing the Happy Birthday song with their musical instruments while their ship is sinking due to insufferable damage caused by the Kraken, a Megalodon, and the Skeleton Pirates, simultaneously."
If that sounds fun to you, then you arrrr going to enjoy Sea of Thieves!
Sea of Thieves is a game that puts you into a pirate's shoes (or rather, peg legs). Which means, you get to do what pirates normally do! For example, getting killed by the Kraken, searching for One Piece, dueling skeletons in a sword fight because apparently they have a bone to pick with you! (They also eat bananas to regain HP, just like in real life), and FISHING! I guess..
My main point is, you have a lot to do in this game, such as the campaign a.k.a Tall Tales, sidequests, and you can do it at your own pace. Want to fish all day instead of sailing the seas? Sure, why not? Want to get pointlessly killed and robbed by other players? Sure, why not? Whatever floats your boat.
At first, the game might be intimidating because of how overwhelming it is. Atleast to me. Trust me, initially i knew jack ♥♥♥♥ about how the game works. Gave it some time and now i'm hooked. Heh, sea what i did there? See what i did there again just now?
Graphic wise, the game looks beautiful. It's so vibrant and colorful, and i will never get tired of it. The most impressive part is the water graphic and animation. Seriously, it looks so good! If that Miiverse person who bought every game on Wii U and reviewed its water graphic still plays videogames until this day, then they'd be proud and crying ocean of tears upon seeing Sea of Thieves.
So, why should you buy Sea of Thieves? My answer would be "immersion". The game is very immersive and a blast to play with friends. I can't say anything for the solo players but i assure you, grab a friend or two and you'll see what i mean. You fight with the terror of the seas, explore, loot, duel with other pirates, and the game makes all that experience immersive and feel great. Not a lot of game can pull this off. It's truly a rare experience, heh. I'm sure i will treasure all these moments because they're just gold.
If you're a solo player, please read other reviews and think twice before buying. But, if you're planning to play this with friends, then i strongly recommend Sea of Thieves. Do not miss out on this gem. Heh.
Posted: February 5, 2022
I finally feel like after 631 hours in game that it is time to write a review...
Overall this game is amazing. It reminds me of my life growing up on sailboats on the ocean in Hawaii, minus the pirates, loot and krakens, lol ..
It is a stunningly beautiful game.. So much detail and the graphics are phenomenal.. The quests are fun and creative and there's so much to do.. Even just island hopping and looking for loot is a good time.. It's also been super awesome meeting fellow 'pirates' from around the world.. It's a very social game which is a lot of fun.. I thought after reaching Pirate Legend and topping out in rank that the game would get dull or boring but there's always new events and commendations to take part in.. This game is anything but boring.. There is always something to do and enjoy..
However, like most games there are some downsides.. This game can be difficult to play solo.. Mainly fighting off enemy ships, galleon skelly's, doing some events, even some quests like vault quests can be difficult on your own...
Another issue is the maps can be really hard to read and navigate in order to dig up treasure.. They don't have a lot of detail to them and some can take an hour or more to find.. A little more fine detail would be nice..
Also, the sailing between islands is very time consuming at times.. Just sailing from one island in a quest to the next can take a pretty long time.. This isn't really a game you can plan to hop on for a half hour or so.. I have found it takes a good two hours to even complete a quest or event, so plan on spending some time in game when you hop on your ship..
Another thing is there is no option for just PVE, which sucks when you would really just like to get on and play the game and not do PVP.. This is personally my biggest issue..
Sure, people will say 'This is Sea of Thieves! Not Sea of Friends!' yada yada... Yes, we all know this.. But it would be nice to have the option to just do PVE or just play with friends.. I have noticed a progression in my 631 hours playing of players being downright nasty.. I strongly feel like some get on not to rank up, do quests or events, meet new people or enjoy the beautiful scenery in the game.. No, their number one focus is just to attack people.. Not to even take their loot or their emissary flag, but just to ruin someone else's game, and waste hours sometimes that it has taken to collect that loot and finish a quest..
People can even form an alliance with you, do a fort or quest with you and then once you've spent hours working as a 'team' turn on you, kill you, blow up your ship, and steal all of the loot you all just worked hard to get.. I have quit doing alliances after having this happen at least a dozen times.. Basically, no one is your friend.. Unless they are in your crew you should not trust them..
It can just be pretty frustrating to have some jerks come along and attack you, even when you have no emissary flag up, no loot and your're literally just cruising around exploring.. In recent weeks since the game has been on sale I have played with at least a half dozen or more brand new players who we've had this happen to and they've decided to no longer play, even uninstalling the game altogether because they're just frustrated with putting in all that time and work for nothing.. I get it..
The latest one was an enemy attacking me saying 'Come on baby, come get me' and 'Come here sexy lady, take your shot' and just being really rude and obnoxious.. I try hard not to give a reaction since that's what they're wanting but it can be borderline bullying and Rare allows it.. So you really have to have thick skin sometimes with some of these nasty people..
Lately, more often then not, I get off the game not reflecting on what a good time it was or how much gold I made or quests I did, or cool people I've met, but annoyed and angry because of repeatedly being attacked to the point I couldn't even really even play the game..
I'll never stop playing but my biggest wish for this game would be to give the option to just play PVE or with friends if you're not up to constant battling.. Believe me, with the right crew a good ol ship fight is a lot of fun.. Your adrenaline goes crazy and it can be awesome.. But sometimes you don't want to play that kind of game, you just want to play a chill game, and it be nice to have that choice...
Overall, this game is my favorite game to play.. It is so much fun.. I recommend it to everyone I know.. And every new season has great new additions.. I hope this review can help someone considering the game or new to the game to know what to expect! And I hope to find you on the Sea!!
Posted: June 6, 2020
This game is very enjoyable.
Though, for those that are solo players: be prepared for frustration and anger.
As a new player I've had nothing but bad experiences meeting other players. Though they're far and few in between, I'm constantly being shot to pieces.
The dynamic events will jump on you at the worst possible times. Surviving a Kraken straight out of a respawn is not possible.
I don't have IRL friends to play with; and I think that's 90% of the experience in this game. I don't know how I feel about playing with strangers - but we'll see. I might try signing up for a crew soon enough - don't know yet.
I've been shot in outposts/safezones, had my boat sat on fire and you name it - it's not a solo friendly game. Know that when you buy it. If you HATE PvP... well, take a guess.
I've only played 28hrs as of this review and it's been solo.
I hope you get to enjoy the game if you buy it!
Edit on 07/06/2020
To clarify on Whiterabbit's comment:
- I'm not saying people shouldn't shoot each other, but that I used the first hours of me playing this game *trying* to learn the mechanics and it was overwhelming. I've been attacked straight after spawning in on new ship, while docking for my first voyage, while in town. The pirate code is just that: A CODE! not a rule. And I think PvE minded players need to be aware of that. There's no safe place; you can be shot, killed, and sunk anywhere at any time - even as a new player who just opened the game. I've also tried turning my back on my ship to turn in my treasure for like 20seconds, I came back and a Galleon had docked and sat my sloop on fire; they apologized and repaired my sloop and when I was out on voyage again, I noticed they had ripped my sloop for every possible resources.
As an anchored sloop trying to do a voyage, meeting a PvP ready Galleon was by no means fun and they shot me only for the sake of shooting me. This type of encounters can be grueling and very demoralizing. New players need to be aware of this because it makes or breaks the game for some of them.
Not everyone is okay playing with other people due to anxieties and playing solo is their only option - this game will not be for them. I'm simply trying to make a certain group of gamers aware that there's no Single Player version of this game and you won't be left alone out there on the seas.
Solo and Single-Player is two very different things.
If I'm going to play with other people, I'll play with someone I know in real life.
The game does encourage team-work and I love that - even the alliance system is cool.
And I know I'm making it sound like the game is such a bad thing, but I just have to highlight certain events that'll make some people really bumped out about having spent 40EUR.
Personally I love the game to bits. There's things and details that annoy the living out of me, but I understand why it's done as it is. The treasure system is fantastic, I LOVE the riddles and bounties, I love the different factions and that some items can be turned in to any of them for extra experience. The Sailing mechanics are very enjoyable once you get it down - and sailing a sloop alone is almost therapeutic.
While the game is very linear and grindy, it's a joy.
Posted: June 30, 2022
This game, it changes people.
Some time ago, I was a pirate, we were all pirates, absolute scallywags sailing the high seas, plundering to our hearts content.
that was until our verbal punching bag of a friend, decided that had enough of the pirate life, and discovered a dark secret.
At first He spent his free time fishing, harmless right? that's what we thought at least, every day he spent less time plundering and more time fishing, more hours wasted catching fish, it wasn't long before his life spiralled into a depressive cycle of staying up 18 hours a day just to catch virtual fish for three months. It started with the need for gold, but soon after, it was not enough. He needed all the commendations. All it took was for him to earn the hunter of Splashtails and he was hooked for good.
Three months later he finally caught all the fish, and got all the commendations. what was he to do with his life now? an emptiness ensued and he finally filled the hole with a girlfriend/boyfriend (i'm not really sure who wears the pants).
In conclusion, never, EVER, fish in this game, you will spiral into an uncontrollable addiction and waste weeks of your life. So to those who have friends playing this game, keep watch over them for me, please, don't let them suffer the same fate me dear old pal did.
and to you Renai, i hope it was worth it...
Posted: January 18, 2023
Sea of Thieves is special because it's the first game that I have played where I had a truly entertaining story to tell my folks after each session.
I could deep dive in all the details that make this game perfect, but I won’t spoil it for you.
What I CAN tell you is that whatever you try to do in this gem of a game, crazy stuff will happen to you:
Sometimes funny
Sometimes challenging
Sometimes frightening
But also heartwarming
Yes, it’s a sandbox game, and it will mostly be about what you make out of it; but if you pour in enough hours to go through all the quests and stories it has to offer, you will discover something magical in the end; and that something is that SoT is not exactly about plundering.
It's about building friendships, defying the odds, playing bold and experimenting.
It taught me to charge towards the unknown, to try new things, to take my time, to stay composed through fire and flames, to interact with strangers, to lose (and win) gracefully and heck… even to enjoy defeats.
With all this, for the first time of my life, I play a game because it feels good in a meaningful way; it keeps on giving.
A year has now passed since I shared my first incredible tale with my family and recently, my 7yo son finally asked to join me! We now sail and live new adventures together every Saturday morning. I cherish these moments with all my heart as we bond together more than ever.
In Sea of Thieves all are equal, and in these crazy days we live in as an increasingly divided society, the community feels like a safe haven to me. This game is a ray of sunshine to me and will probably be for many years to come.
Thank you Rare <3
Posted: December 23, 2020
Product received for free
Best game ever! Especially with mentally unstable friends.
Posted: April 2, 2021
I sunk a bunch of german kids
10/10
Posted: July 8, 2021
Someone sunk my ship while I was trying to catch chickens on an island. I went back to the island to take revenge, they sunk my ship again. 10/10 would recommend!
Posted: July 1, 2020
CAPTAIN! LOOK!
UPDATE: After almost 700hrs on Steam and around the same on my Xbox. I have to say, this is the best pirate game out there and one of the best games to play with friends, lots of content season by season, events, good progression, good pvp and excelent pve.
NOT SHROUDED GHOST YET THO... THAT THING DOES NOT EXITS!
Posted: August 2, 2022
1.get your ship
2.buy some resources
3.search for treasures
4.spot a player ship
5.start a fight
6.they wrecking u in 30 seconds
7.get another ship for revenge
8.they wrecking u in 10 second
9.exit the game
Posted: July 22, 2023
~ DIFFICULTY ~
🔲 My dog could play it
🔲 Easy
✅ Normal but with a huge skill gap in PvP
🔲 Hard
🔲 Dark Souls
~ GRAPHICS ~
🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter in this game
🔲 Good
✅ Beautiful
~ MUSIC ~
🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
✅ Good
🔲 Holy Grail
~ STORY ~
🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing Goat Sim for the story
✅ It's there for the people who want it but isn't the main aspect of the game
🔲 Well written
🔲 God tier story
~ PRICE ~
🔲 Free
🔲Underpriced
🔲 Perfect Price
✅ Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money
~ REQUIREMENTS ~
🔲 You can run it on a potato
✅ Average
🔲 High end
🔲 NASA computer
~ LENGTH ~
🔲 Very Short (0 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15-50 hours)
🔲 Long (50-90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90-110 hours)
✅ No ending
~ FUN ~
🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
✅ Repetitive
🔲 Actually pretty amusing
🔲 Extremely Fun
~ REPLAYABILITY~
🔲 It's a one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months/years
🔲 Definitely
✅ Infinite replayability
~ WORTH BUYING ~
🔲 No
✅ Wait for sale
🔲 Yes
Posted: October 18, 2020
---{Graphics}---
☐You forget what reality is
✔️ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
---{Gameplay}---
✔️Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
✔️Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
✔️ Teens
✔️ Adults
☐ All
---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
✔️Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
✔️Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
✔️ To infinity and beyond
---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
✔️ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
✔️Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

Posted: January 2, 2022
This game is so packed full of all these small little fun details and things you can do that I can't help but adore this thing
I can play instruments, get drunk off my ass and play instruments badly, vomit into a bucket and throw that vomit on my friend's face, then pick up his pet dog and fire it out of a cannon, then fire myself out of that cannon
No dogs were harmed in the making of this review
Posted: June 17, 2020
Sea of Thieves is one of the most polished games I have experienced in recent memory. Its environment, immersive sailing and beautiful graphics made this game a pure joy to play, explore and experience. The campaign stories (called "Tall Tales") are intriguing, inventive and curious to play-through.
When it comes to combat regarding the melee strikes with the sword or guns, it feels a bit lackluster and basic. Battling enemies head-on lacks challenge and is relatively simple. That said, the boat battles against Skeleton Ships, Ghost Ships, Kraken, Megalodon or other players is very satisfying and unique. The amount of ways to mess around with your opponent, blow their ship while also repairing and steering your own creates a frantic scene of cooperation among you and your crewmates each and every time. Moments where you T-Bone an enemy ship, grapple their hull and then proceed to invade their deck to release the anchor to prevent them from moving as your allies rain down a variety of cannonballs that inflict different effects and damage is exciting that I have yet to see matched in other games. To add, depending on the size of your crew from 2 players to 4, you will be provided larger ships from a single-said Sloop to a massive Galleon, all with their own benefits and short-comings, making battles incredibly challenging.
Another key part of the game is the progression in the game. For some players, the lack of progression detracts motivation to continue playing. However, if you are someone who enjoys the experience of games more so than rewards, this may be the game for you. In Sea of Thieves, what you start with is what everyone else has and there is no additional unlocks, access to better weaponry/ships or other in the game. The quests, currencies and rewards are all related to cosmetics to improve the look and feel of yourself and your ship.
To end, if GTA is the open-world grindfest to unlocking cooler cars, upgrades and real estate then Sea of Thieves is its counterpart where everything is already unlocked and you simply sail for the great times and moments with your shipmates.
Posted: February 20
-CAPTAIN!!
-Ye-Yeah??
-LOOOOOOOOOOOK!!!!!
Posted: April 8, 2021
3 hours of listening to "What shall we do with a drunken sailor?" with my friends. 10/10 would sail again
Posted: July 11, 2020
I like playing this game with friends
I don't like to solo it cause people always attack solo players
but it's a pirate game so I don't mind
best played with friends.
Posted: October 14, 2021
THANKS FOR LANGUAGE SUPPORT
Posted: June 22, 2022
im a pirate
Posted: May 31, 2023
Cook a fish; cook a pig; cook a chicken; cook anything you want. Now place a banana on your enemy's stove, and cook their ship. Culinary simulator with cool cosmetics.
Posted: September 9, 2023
Most players fear you on sight, most of the rest will try to kill you, the best will take a chance on being your friend.
I fear no pirate because the worst they can do is sink me, and the best can be friends for life.
Tread carefully, but remember the Legend of Glitterbeard.
Find me on the Seas, I'll lift you up, like the pirates of old lifted me. And We Shall Sail Together.
Posted: December 7, 2023
I love this game, and have fond memories of playing with my friends. If you have no problems with losing hours of progress to unfair PvP with your pals, you will likely get a great degree of fun and memories from this game.
When I heard the news regarding PvE servers, I was ecstatic. Sure, the promised nerfs to gameplay were appallingly foolish, but I figured there would be some kind of 'come-to-jesus' moment where the devs realized what was obvious to the rest of the world; that people are significantly more interested in having pirate adventures with their friends than dealing with sweaty PvP.
Fast forward to today, and I am disappointed. Rare, please, for the love of all that is holy, wake the hell up. Instead of punishing PvE players for wanting to enjoy a game, you should instead perhaps give additional rewards to those who still want to PvP, if that. I can't even take my captained ship with my friends that I slaved over? To hell with that.
To newcomers who are attracted by the PvE; you should wait. As it stands, the game will treat you as a second-class citizen, and you will be disappointed by all the things you can't enjoy. I have full confidence that, with time, Rare will eventually make the right decision.
As a message to the PvPers out there; I am in no way indicting you for your fun. It's cool that you guys enjoy the game the way you do, but I do hope you understand that there is a significant majority of people who just want to have fun with their friends. I'd like it if y'all PvPers were given *additional* rewards for your gaming, instead of PvE'ers being punished for theirs.
Best of plunders!
Edit: On request, here are some of the punitive measures against Safer Seas;
70% Less Gold and Reputation Earned (Entirely)
Many Reputations are inaccessible, and the ones that are cap at level 40
No Live Events
No Emissary Action
No Captained Ships
No Guild Support
There are others, but they are more reasonable as they specifically pertain to PvP.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Edit 2: I want to express my gratitude to all those who connected with this review, and posted your own thoughts. I am glad to see so many people agree with me that this is an issue requiring attention!
Sadly, I had to turn off comments, as a subsection of the community could not set aside their toxic behavior. I simply do not have the time necessary to moderate it.
I would like to remind everyone that a conversation requires a degree of mutual respect, and simply insulting other people - or arguing in poor faith - not only fails to move the conversation forward, but simply weakens any arguments you may have. You may as well admit that the other side is right.
Who exactly do you think, working at Rare for instance, is going to see that behavior and think, "Yes, that is the player culture we want to foster! Toxicity that pushes all potential customers away"?
We can do better.
Posted: June 18, 2020
UPDATE ~ Almost 1,000 hours now and I love this game even more than when I started. Hope to see you on the seas some day!
ORIGINAL REVIEW ~
Sea of Thieves is a satisfying adrenaline rush and surprisingly balanced if you enjoy PvP.
I'm always on the lookout for new co-op games on Steam. When Sea of Thieves popped up, I mentioned it to a few friends and one of them was ecstatic. He insisted that I get it ASAP so we could play together. I'm so glad I did. Within the first 10 hours, this became one of my favorite co-op games.
Things started out a bit rocky. My best friend and I simultaneously booted up the tutorial. After I beached and un-beached my ship, I shambled through the rest of the tutorial on my end, a little concerned about whether or not I'd ever handle the multitasking that's required to be an effective pirate in this game. Soon after, our good friend joined us and I went into full-on panic mode. There are other players? Right now?! All around us?!!?! I knew there was a PvP element, but I thought we were playing a private game and that we'd be able to do that in the future.
It wasn't long until we were raided by another ship, and it was definitely just for lulz. The three of us were at an outpost with zero loot. It wasn't long until it was over, however, and as we watched their ship sink and I came down from the stress, I grinned. That felt amazing.
I never envisioned getting so hyped about PvP. I avoid most PvP anymore because of cheating and toxic communities, but Sea of Thieves does it quite well and I've had, so far, a very fair experience. While I've lost some battles, I've never felt that something was unreasonable. I've had people cuss me out for swiping their loot, killing them, etc. If I could offer any advice to a new player, it's learn to pay attention to your surroundings as much as possible.
This isn't a game where absolutely anyone can easily sneak up on you without you having ample time to do something about it, and this isn't a game where people are required to leave you alone. If you decide to stop at an outpost to sell your loot when you see a player ship in the distance, then you're setting yourself up as a target. If you truly feel a player is harassing you, scuttle your ship and spawn somewhere else. With almost 60 hours in this game now (now well over 100 as of June 30. 2020), though, I really have a hard time wrapping my head around just how people feel like they can't get away from other players. The only thing I can conclude is that they're just not paying enough attention to what's around them.
I've played on all three ships now by myself and with a team of friends. If you're solo, the sloop is fast enough to outrun any ship against the wind. It's actually very easy to completely avoid other players on it if that's your jam. The brig and galleon add the thrill of teamwork and communication. As with any PvP game, Sea of Thieves is not without its toxic players. This is honestly why I primarily play solo or with friends because I just don't personally enjoy teaming up with random people. I've met cool people and salty jerks, and it's really nothing different from any other PvP experience in my opinion.
The rewards for completing anything in this game are purely cosmetic. While I was lukewarm about that at first, I appreciate how it levels out the playing field for players of any skill set. Even with micro-transactions, there's no pay-to-win mechanic.
While players are certainly a threat, there are plenty of other things that can sink your ship, from The Kraken to a rainstorm, from ghost ships to a poorly placed gunpowder barrel. It's difficult to deal with some of the PvE threats when you're solo, but it's very possible with practice and patience!
Sea of Thieves is also graphically and musically beautiful. It easily has the nicest looking water I've ever seen in a video game. I'm normally a little thalassophobic when it comes to large bodies of water in video games, but it's just so darn gorgeous that I'm always ready to jump in and swim around. Further, I knew I recognized the composition style from somewhere, and it's none other than Robin Beanland! That's just another plus for me as a gaming music nerd.
There are a variety of bugs that seemed to have been fixed (at least for me) in the most recent update: ship compass freezing, wind not showing up, not being able to interact with things and having to die or find a mermaid to "reset" ... Rare seems really set on making this a polished experience, however, and it's given me even more incentive to stick around and keep playing!
Posted: February 14, 2021
I went to an Outpost to sell my fresh loot.
I Greeted another Pirate who was already there.
He seemed friendly because he let me sell my loot peacefully.
A bit later we decided to set afoot into the tavern.
We cheer'd our tankards and we got drunk.
He then betrayed, killed me and set my ship to fire.
He sunk my ship with my stolen cannonballs while i was still trying to be friendly.
11/10, I would never trust a Pirate again.
P.S This was an actual experience from my gameplay.
Posted: August 16, 2020
9/10 with friends
2/10 alone
Posted: December 2, 2021
tried being friendly once, don't recommend it

Posted: March 29, 2023
This game is actually very fun. It's got a huge open world to explore and sail through, and if you can get in with some friends it can be a great time. Mechanically, the game is phenomenal and I'd love to sink hundreds of hours into it.
But the community is the worst I've seen since League of Legends. I imagine there has to be a tremendous overlap in the player base between them, because it's too depressing to consider that there are THIS many people who are THAT terrible to each other. I haven't been able to sail a single voyage in ages without having someone chase my ship for hours while screaming every slur they know into their awful $10 microphones.
I tried to love this game, I really did. Those few times I got to just play with my friends I had a great time. But there is no matchmaking - when you set out, you're up against anyone who might be playing. You can have 10 hours of player time to their thousand. It doesn't matter. And if you're not interested in the PVP aspect? Tough luck, there's no opting out. Most players don't bother with the world events or the voyages, it seems. They just sail around looking for someone who already gathered up their treasure and then chase them for hours. And that's not hyperbole - I've seen players get chased (and have frequently BEEN chased) from one side of the map all the way to the other. It shocks me that someone is still having fun with that, that someone is just THAT dedicated to ruining someone else's time that this is how they spend hours. There's no downside to this style of play, either. I imagine the game encourages it.
The sea monsters and AI ships are a lot of fun to fight, but they actually make the toxic community WORSE. If the kraken decides to wrap itself around your ship while someone's attacking you, you're just doomed. The AI will lock onto one target and utterly ignore anything else in the vicinity, usually leaving them free to, once again, scream all the naughty no-no words that their parents don't let them say when they're at home while you slowly die from the combined onslaught of a literal kraken and another player ship.
There's no way to coordinate joining a server with your friends' ships already on them to form an alliance together if you wanted to try to just play with friends, either. Rare seemingly attempted to fix this by coming up with community days and community weekends, where rewards were massively increased. This encourages teaming up with others on the server to maximize benefits across the board. This somehow seems to only make the toxic community WORSE. In the entirely of the last community day weekend, I was unable to speak with a single player. Most of them were just screaming - not even words, just screaming incoherently - into their mics while chasing/attacking any ship they could find.
The game also has a serious problem with hackers. I can't count the number of times I've seen someone board my ship and stand around getting blasted by shotguns and facetank all of it without moving. Supposedly the game has a report system, but it relies on an Xbox account and requires you to know the person's name. Most hackers I've seen have had incomprehensible names or are just literally nameless, not that it matters because I'M PLAYING ON STEAM AND DON'T USE AN XBOX ACCOUNT.
Maybe I just have the worst luck in the world. Maybe there are some decent people to play with out there. But I haven't found them, and I can no longer convince my friends this game is worth playing, so why would I bother playing it without them?
This is a great game utterly ruined by a terribly toxic community.
Posted: June 30, 2022
Haven't made it past character selection yet.
Edit: I'm happy to announce after 9 hours I've selected my character, we did it fellas
Posted: December 29, 2020
Not for single play. Well-made game, Great story and gameplay. It's great fun and exciting with crewmates like your friends. Not a good choice if you want to play alone.
Posted: September 2, 2023
After 2500 hours of play time I think I can safely say this is a fun, entertaining game
Posted: October 11, 2023
lots of salt, none of it from the water

Posted: December 30, 2020
Bought the game.
Entered it with a friend.
Got a ship.
Fought hard and got a lot of loot.
Sold the loot.
Went to play music and drink to celebrate.
2 friendly sailors docked near us and drinked with us.
Played music and barfed every where.
They left to voyage.
And so did we...
Solid game, its a must if you are interested in a pirate game.
Posted: February 18, 2022
spend multiple hours to fill up your sloop with treasures and resources only to be body slammed by a galleon with 4 5000 hours reaper players blunderbussing your ass while you bucket out water off the ship and at this point you're not sure if the water filling up your hull is from the ocean or your tears.
Posted: February 17
Product received for free
*seagull sounds*
ye be listenting to
*sword being drawn*
102.3
*yarrrr!*
Pirates FM
*cannonball fires*
where we play nothing but shanties, shanties and more shanties
*waves hitting wood*
This ain't your landrubber granny's station
*Imagine Dragons - Radioactive starts playing*
Posted: April 6, 2021
- DIFFICULTY -
🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
☑️ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 "Dark Souls"
- GRAPHICS -
🔲 "MS Paint"
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter in this game
🔲 Good
☑️ Beautiful
🔲 Masterpiece
- MUSIC -
🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
☑️ Good
🔲 Beautiful
- STORY -
🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing "Temple Runners" for the story
🔲 It's there for the people who want it
☑️ Well written
🔲 Epic story
- PRICE -
🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
🔲 Perfect price
☑️ Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money
- REQUIREMENTS -
🔲 You can run it on a microwave
🔲 Average
☑️ High end
🔲 "NASA" computer
- LENGTH -
🔲 Very short (0 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15 - 50 hours)
🔲 Long (50 - 90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90 - 110 hours)
☑️ No ending
- FUN -
🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
☑️ Actually pretty amusing
🔲 Ride of your life
- REPLAYABILITY -
🔲 It's a one - time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months / years
🔲 Definitely
☑️ Infinitely replayable
- WORTH BUYING -
🔲 No
🔲 Wait for sale
☑️ Yes
Posted: June 25, 2020
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe
---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t
---{Audio}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape
---{Difficulity}---
☑ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about achievements
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☑ No limit
---{Story}---
☐ Story?
☑Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐Good
☐Lovely
☐ It‘ll replace your life
---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average ( but it can be infinity depends on the player)
☐ Long
☑To infinity and beyond
---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
⚠️ IN MY OPINION ⚠️
Posted: May 8, 2021
Ahoy!...It's really fun with friends and the voyages are exciting...kinda depressing if you're playing alone and getting bullied by online griefers with full teams.
8/10👍🏽
Posted: July 29, 2020
Not all treasure is silver and gold mate...
Posted: July 24, 2021
Choose yer own journey, here we be free. But be wary of thieves and the treacherous sea. Before setting course for what ye desire, form a trusty crew and get the proper attire.
Explore, plunder, go to battle, be brave. Steer clear of danger, or risk meeting a watery grave. Dance, chant, toast and drink. Enjoy yerselves mateys, but try not to sink. May the wind be on yer side, with treasure as yer guide. May barrels be filled, and yer hearties be skilled. May spoils be plenty, bananas times twenty. May ye conquer the sea and not be too mean. Perhaps ye'll become the best pirates ever seen.
Set in a vast, beautiful world with mesmerizing water physics and great sound design. Sea of Thieves is a joy to venture into with anyone you care for. Just remember to be on the lookout for other pirates. Many of them are murderous thieves. They'll kill and steal with a smile on their face. And while that can be disheartening at times, lurking dangers like these also make for more exciting and fulfilling journeys.
Yet ye'd be wise not to lower yer guard, even if the coast seems clear. Ye wouldn't want to get stuck with yer booty out when pirates appear.
Although combat is pretty straightforward, PvP can be quite the rush. When encountering enemy ships, ensuing battles are often dramatic and thrilling as you're trying to board and sink each other by any means necessary. Stock up on food, planks and firepower to be ready for a fight. If you'd rather not engage in PvP, or don't want to risk losing your loot, it's usually not too difficult to evade pirate attacks. Keep an eye on the horizon and check for anyone lying in ambush. Try not to corner yourself when docking your ship and keep the anchor raised for a quick escape.
These are not the only perils ahead. From the depths of the sea, great beasts ye shall dread. Through storms and waves yer ship shall soar. True fear ye'll know after the tremble from a Kraken's roar.
PvE offers a lot of fun, adventurous content, including Tall Tales, Voyages and World Events. These have a variety of challenges and enemies to overcome, along with vast riches waiting to be uncovered. A Pirate's Life is a great addition and serves as a nice incentive for new players to get into the game. Personally, I'd like to see what Rare could do with One Piece, or a world set in the Viking Age some day. They've done a fine job capturing the pirate fantasy in Sea of Thieves.
Now hoist the colours, make sail! Adventure awaits. Time to start yer tale.
Posted: November 11, 2020
I get killed by my friends more than enemy pirates!
10/10
Posted: May 18, 2021
water
Posted: September 17, 2020
You can have a dog. 10/10
Posted: February 3
My only regret about this game is not picking it up sooner.
YES, it's casual friendly.
YES, you can avoid being camped by sweat lords in the high seas.
It's a pirate game, do pirate things.
DO NOT listen to the naysayers. I did, and I delayed buying this game until now (2024).
AMAZING game, couldn't recommend it enough.
Posted: August 31, 2020
Product received for free
The journey is the reward
Overview
Sea of Thieves (SoT) is an open-world first-person action-adventure game where you can be a pirate as a pirate can be. It promotes PvP and PvE action side by side at the same time while Its main focus is directed towards utilizing team play and heavy cooperation.
It's not about the gold, It's about the glory
🔸There is no profound main story overshadowing the game but every island, character, treasure, and chest is dipped in a piece of lore, just to be expanded more and more with the upcoming DLCs. Meanwhile, You can set sail towards grand adventures to uncover various secrets and how this archipelago was cursed, by doing lengthy quests known as Tall Tales. If you want to pursue the somewhat convoluted story, take on them or perhaps you just want to be a damn pirate, go for it. The game gives you free rein to choose whether you want the lore or not and I think it is great in that manner.
The Pirate Lord giving you a pep talk on the last Tall Tale 
A Screenshot of Sea of Thieves
By: Amirite
An altogether different meaning of cooperation
🔸You're given two modes to choose what type of adventure to start.
Adventure: The primary experience of SoT. This mode focuses on the PvPvE aspect and consists of all the voyages, events, and everything the game has to offer. Players can choose any of the vessel sizes to start their journey. Sloop (two-man), Brigantine (three-man), and Galleon (four-man).
Arena: A full PvP mode that heavily revolves around naval battles in duo or quad-play. Players fight each other against the clock for points.
Loot and currencies
🔸Treasures and gold can't be found so easily. Mostly you have to follow an X-mark map and solve several amusing and brain-tickling riddles or perhaps take on a more aggressive approach by looting an enemy ship. These quests can be either bought or found lying along the shorelines. The payment for quests and loots is deeply generous but there's nothing more than skins to buy. Soon you'll run out of things to buy in SoT. Currency in the game is divided into three items.
Gold: Most common currency obtained by selling loot. Used to purchase cosmetics, items, and quests.
Doubloons: Awarded for completing commendations. They can be exchanged with Duke in taverns for special voyages and cosmetics.
Ancient Coins: Obtained via real money to buy from the Emporium Shop (purely cosmetic). Also rarely dropped by ancient skeletons.
Trading companies
🔸SoT is dominated by three main trading companies knowns as "Gold Hoarders", "Merchant Alliance", and "Order of Souls". They each only buy certain types of loot from you. Should you choose a riskier yet more profiting way to bootleg your belongings, the "Reaper's Bones" awaits you. Additionally another company, "Athena's Fortune", is accessible to only Pirate Legends (requires reaching level 50 in all three main companies).
You can do handbrake turns in a ship, who knew?
🔸Sailing a ship has never been so realistic. You're given a compass and the rest of the knowledge comes with time. Sails must be angled properly to adjust the speed. Repairing the ship requires agility or hours of work might sink in the bottom of the seas. You must interact cooperatively with most of these elements to speed things up. Overall, it's not as complex as it sounds. The whole experience is easy to learn but hard to master.
No progression, whatsoever
🔸The gameplay becomes monotonous since no ranking system or character progression is present. On one hand, it's a good starting point that all players are given the same gear and weapons and only skill would save them from death. On the other hand, it makes it difficult to spot decent pirates and have productive journeys with random people.
The heart of PvE
🔸Is numerous world events that take you through epic naval battles or set you and your crew off to fight skeletons and solve riddles. Smaller events such as hunting Megalodons or the Kraken occurs randomly in the sea. While major ones like Ashen Lords or Ghost fleets will stay around until they're completed. The events are considered as a great challenge and are almost impossible to come through without seasoned crewmates.
Bosses are um... too tanky!
🔸Most events end with a boss fight. These encounters could be often intense as each one has different stages and summons minions during the fight. However, they lose their variety soon because all bosses share the same set of attacks and moves. Their huge health pool is just a "hit it until it's dead" situation that bores you to death. Needless to say, the melee system feels lackluster and basic.
Boss fights are Chaotic and intense but are also extremely tanky and require no strategy to defeat compared to the hefty loots they drop 
A Screenshot of Sea of Thieves
By: Amirite
Joining publics is unnerving
🔸The fact that no lobby joining option is implemented in the game after 2 years of development is what bothers me the most. No info is given when joining a game such as latency, the ongoing quest, etc. You cannot cancel the joining process once you start searching for a crew.
Getting more technical
🔸Hud is minimalist with absolutely no intrusive elements cluttering the screen and your view for more immersion. SoT offers a considerable amount of "Accessibility features" to aid anyone with the slightest disability to enjoy the game. Features like Text-to-Speech, narrating UI elements, various colorblind filters, etc. that distinguish SoT from other titles.
🔸All contents could be exhausted within 200 hours if played efficiently but bear in mind due to RNG factors of quests and events, the replayability is immensely high🔸
Sun. Sands. Sea
🔸At first glance, the cartoonish style might put you off but to be fair the visuals are extraordinary and breathtaking. The water effects and physics are phenomenally realistic. The days are brightened with cheerful colors. It's practically impossible not to take a minute to gaze upon the stunning sunrises/sunsets while sailing the seas. The nights are filled with stars and auroras that never lose their charm and are somewhat gloomy, in a good way.
🔸During naval battles, the music intensifies the situation with epic pieces similar to the "Pirates of the Caribbean". Also, you can set up the greatest radio station ever. Bring out your instruments, play shanties, and sing along with your crewmates.
The sea of thieves is vast and eye-popping. Plenty of sceneries like this make you take a moment and admire the work put into it 
A Screenshot of Sea of Thieves
By: Amirite
🔸TECHNICAL🔸
Specs: GTX1050 2GB - Athlon II X4 645 - 8GB DDR3 RAM
The game runs with a mix of medium and high settings using about 80% of VRAM at 1680x1050 30 FPS
🔸BUGS & ISSUES🔸
Rare bugs like objects clipping into each other, ships despawning, or sent off flying.
Poor integration to Steam. Friends have to be added and invited only through the Xbox app. It is now possible to invite friends through Steam.
The hit registration system is fudged and might not work as intended due to connection issues.
Event goals and challenges are not directly accessible in the game. External web pages must be visited.
Verdict
Your experience in SoT is what you make of it. It'll steal as many hours of your day as you let it. Although, the whole game has some rough edges around it. There are no meaningful purchases to make with all the gold you earn. Lack of depth to the melee system and the repetitive nature of boss fights might be dull and discouraging at times. Nonetheless, SoT is extremely fun and fascinating. I cannot recommend it enough.
Follow our curator page, OCG-Curations, if you like and want to see more reviews like this one.
